AI is a bubble. We're starting to see
that cash flow headroom coming down.
>> It's still going to drive markets. There
is a fair amount of capital on the
sidelines.
>> The theme is the same theme going into
the internet boom. If [music] you're not
exposed, you're really going to miss
out.
>> I still think there's a lot more buying
opportunities [music] uh and money to go
into the equity markets here.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz,
[music] and An Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
surveillance. Traders are struggling to
find that Santa rally as worries remain
about overvalued tech stocks and a
potentially stagflationary [music]
backdrop. Bitcoin at the epicenter of
froth coming out of the system with the
asset seeing a more than 25% plunge in
the past two months. And open AAI Sam
Alman feeling the pressure as he
reportedly declares code red in [music]
his race to compete better with
behemoths such as Alphabet's Gemini
definitely front and [music] focus as we
look at the competing uh AI chat bots
that are getting ground. Everyone's
[music] been talking about the fact this
is an AI arms race and now it feels like
the pressure is [music] really
percolating ever more so on Open AI and
Sam Altman. How are they going to beat
Google? This comes after Altman recently
also told employees privately that
Gemini could cause quote temporary
[music] economic headwinds for OpenAI
and talked about basically rough vibes
right now at the company as they try to
compete. Remember there was a code red
moment for Google and now the [music]
tables have turned and and Sam Alman is
dealing with his own version of that. I
love it. Last week it was bad vibes man.
This week it's code red and a real
question here as they try to justify
some of the capital structure that
they've really created [music] for
themselves. It kind of goes to this
question of how much willingness is this
market going to have to really fuel any
[music] additional taking on of debt
markets. We're going to be talking about
that throughout the morning. But also
this question of how much froth is
coming out of the system. I know we
don't normally talk about Bitcoin, but
the fact that you've seen [music] a 30%
plunge since recent highs uh in October
just highlights how [music] much you're
seeing for selling, how much you're
seeing a potential retracement from some
of the highf flyers earlier this year.
Well, I think it's just writ large in
the market. [music] Potentially maybe
some risk coming out. You're asking
about where's the Santa Claus rally?
Well, what is the next catalyst [music]
to drive this market? We don't have jobs
this week. We're basically waiting on is
the Fed going to cut, are they going to
[music] pause next week and then
potentially there might be some relief.
At the same time, the string of data we
are getting isn't that great. Look at
ISM yesterday, [music] ninth consecutive
month that we've seen some pressure when
it comes to manufacturing in this
country. And remember, this was supposed
to be the year of [music] tariffs and
sticks and shovels and manufacturing
coming back into the United States.
Yeah, you had uh on one hand the decline
at the headline level and then you had
[music] ISM prices that inflected
upward. A bad mix, which is the reason
why yesterday you saw the biggest one
day pop in 10-year yields going back
almost a [music] month. Right now,
you're seeing a bit of a a continuation
of that same trend, albeit really
[music] tempered. Not a lot going on. If
you're looking for action, today
probably isn't it. You are seeing S&P
futures up about a quarter of a percent
>> [music]
>> uh near session highs. is you are seeing
yields also continuing their climb
albeit barely at 4.09% 09% [music]
rounded up on the 10-year. Really, it is
a quiet morning as we try to uh get a
sense of what the actual data is ahead
of what should be non-farm payrolls. I
keep going back to this. We should be
talking about payrolls this week.
Instead, we're talking about what? AI.
We're talking about what? Venezuela.
This [music] is the problem.
Self-inflicted wound almost by
Washington DC when we could have had a
drum beat on [music] economic data.
Self-inflicted wound potentially if the
Fed goes on pause because they feel like
they don't have all the economic
uncertainty. [music] Why didn't you just
make the individuals at the Bureau of
Labor Statistics essential so that we
could have kept the same cadence [music]
when it comes to the economic data?
That's all I'm going to say. We're still
in the anger and the rejection of not
getting some of this economic data.
Hopefully, we'll get to acceptance
moving [music] forward. Coming up this
hour, uh Cameron Dawson of New Edge
Wealth with Risk Appetite taking a
breather. Githa Ragnathan of Bloomberg
Intelligence. As Netflix makes another
allcash bid for Warner Brothers and Tom
Fitzgerald of TD Cowan after cutting his
estimates on the major airlines, we
begin this hour with stocks trying to
get some sort of gain as markets look
for direction heading into year end.
Cameron Doss of New Edge Wealth writing,
"The market is still sending a progrowth
procyclical message. There is lots more
room for investors to get more
overweight this market." Cameron joins
us now. Cameron, wonderful to see you.
Thank you for being with us.
>> Thank you for having me.
>> So, what's going on right now? Why are
we seeing that Santa rally not
materializing even though this is
typically the moment where people put
aside their worries and buy?
>> Well, we are still seeing that investors
are sitting on the sidelines of this
market mostly in institutional investors
and we feel like a bit of a broken
record and saying that institutional
investors are just neutral which just
means that there is still room for them
to get dragged back in. However, the
caveat is is that household investors,
individual investors have been all in
this market and they have made up the
majority of the trading this year. They
have been the incremental buyer. So, as
you see volatility in things like
Bitcoin and meme stocks and
nonprofitable stocks that is hitting
that that individual investor and likely
some of the source of some of this
volatility. But we think because you
still have institutions sitting on the
sideline, it means that short and
shallow dips are likely what we get
simply because there is room for people
to get more invested.
>> So let's just start with an anatomy of
what's going on right now. How much more
retail selling is there? How much are we
seeing forced liquidations of things
like Bitcoin funds or things like you
know potentially the more fraud segments
of the AI trade?
>> Well, the most startling thing for us is
that if you looked at FINRA margin loan
growth over the last 6 months, it was
growing at a 35% pace. That's faster
than the pace that we had in 2020 when
rates were 0%. So you clearly had this
ravenous risk appetite go into markets.
And so you start seeing things like
Bitcoin sell off in in a more meaningful
way. And we look at it and say, hey, you
know, no crying on the yacht. When you
play with fire, you are likely to get
burned. And we've been seeing Bitcoin
diverge very much from some of these
meme stocks and speculative stocks
really for the last four or five months.
So some of this was preceded by the the
price action that we were seeing in
Bitcoin even as you were seeing new
highs in October and September.
>> We started out talking about OpenAI in
this code red. What kind of signal does
that send for the broader market? Do you
think that is a cause for concern?
>> Well, the biggest takeaway for us is
that this is actually a competitive
market. That's the takeaway is that you
have businesses that had been operating
in near monopolies with huge return on
invested capital which means that they
didn't have to invest a lot but they got
a lot of return for that investment. Now
this is a very different world. The fact
that you see this arms race at the same
time as you have this leaprog and jump
of capability with Gemini versus Open
AI, it shows you that AI is highly
competitive, which suggests to us that
there's less pricing power and that
there's less return on the investments
that they're making potentially.
>> So, at that moment, do you want to take
money off the table when it comes to AI
if you don't know who's going to win the
race? Well, look, we're still very much
in this capex buildout cycle and what
we've been arguing is that the capex
cycle is going to be very different than
the application cycle and the
beneficiaries of those two things could
also be very different. The challenge
that we have is that if we look at this
market and we look at the economy, it's
all become incredibly indexed to AI
where the growth in the economy is
sourced from AI and the growth in the
market is one of the most fascinating
things is that if you look at the
Russell 1000 value index, it got
rebalanced earlier than this year. It
added three mag seven names to it and
now the largest weight in the value
index is Google. So we now own all the
same things. So even as you're trying to
diversify, good luck because when you
buy value, you're now getting Google.
There is a theory that if you do have
the buildout of AI, this will ultimately
lead to a manufacturing renaissance in
the United States. You're laughing with
this absolute skepticism and I think a
lot of people would join you after
seeing the ISM manufacturing numbers
yesterday where the headline number came
in at the lowest level going back to to
uh July. You have prices paid going up.
This is stagflationary. This isn't
necessarily what people want to see. Why
are we not seeing the right kind of
manufacturing boom that seems to be
implied by the AI bailout? And isn't it
fascinating that we've now had OBBB for
nearly 9 months or over 6 months and
you're not seeing that show up in any of
the M manufacturing data meaning that
accelerated depreciation was included in
OBB. It's kicked in. This is supposed to
incentivize people to invest more. It's
not necessarily resulted in broader
investment. Certainly, it's helped the
AI players who are already making these
investments. Now, I think it's important
to note that PMIs have not been a good
leading indicator for what we're seeing
in industrial and manufacturing profits.
You've effectively been in a
contractionary PMI for the last over 3
years. And yet, you see industrial
profits that remain very strong. So,
it's likely a reflection of the fact
that watch what they do, not what they
say. Sentiment surveys are much more
dire about the outlook than what we're
actually seeing activity. At this point
though, don't you think that this is
something that we need to pay attention
to in terms of that type of dynamic
because it is a global dynamic? This
idea that everyone wants to invest in
manufacturing. Everyone's going after
the same materials and they're in scarce
supply with particular supply chains.
And you have uh you know this real
question of whether that kind of
reaction is coming from as much Japan as
it is in the United States. This idea
that they're going to have to raise
rates because of inflation at the same
time that growth isn't really taking
off. is feeling that that is going to be
the backdrop kind of globally.
>> Yeah. And I think the takeaway is that
the digital world is actually very
physical and you're starting to see the
uplift in some of the industrial
commodities that we should watch very
closely. So as you see things like
copper prices move higher and other
broader industrial commodities, not just
what we're seeing in things like gold
and silver, that suggests a little bit
of an underpinning of an inflationary
dynamic. And that would be very
different than this sort of deflationary
dynamic that we've been in really for
the last 15 years where you haven't seen
much movement out of the commodity side
of things. Cameron Dawson, you're going
to be sticking with us for the entire
hour. I'm so glad to say that. Cameron
Dawson of New Edge Wealth. We are just
getting a headline Amory about how US
envoy uh Steve Wickoff has arrived in
Moscow. This is being reported by TAS.
This real question on this ongoing uh
quest for some sort of resolution to the
Ukraine Russia conflict. I would say
this is a really important meeting
because it comes on the heels of Wickoff
and Secretary of State Marco Rubio
sitting down with their Ukrainian
counterparts just this week in Florida
getting their input on this peace plan
and then having this discussion with
Putin. Putin though has been very very
matterof fact of what he will and will
not accept. Can Wickoff convince him
that there is going to be need for more
flexibility and obviously understandment
of where you can actually get to an end
goal because the Ukrainians and the
Europeans are not signing up to that
original proposal.
>> Yeah, it feels like Marco Rubio is
playing the Ukrainian side and Steve
Wickoff is playing the Russia side and
we'll see where they meet in the middle.
We'll talk about that coming up as well
as the potential investment implications
for Europe which is something a lot of
people have been focused on. Right now
let's get you an update on stories
elsewhere. Here is your bloomer brief
withhra on antihira.
>> Hi Lisa. Nearly half of Chinese flights
to Japan have been cancelled [music] for
December. CCTV reporting that more than
1,900 flights were scrapped due to the
[music] dispute between the two
countries. Japanese city Saporro and
Osaka which rely heavily on tourism saw
the biggest cut. Meanwhile, the White
House has defended the Pentagon's
handling of a September attack on a
[music] suspected drug running boat off
South America. It's denying a report
that defense [music] secretary Pete
Hedgesf had given an order to kill
everyone on the vessel. Spokeswoman
Caroline Levit confirmed [music] two
strikes on the ship, but says the order
for the second attack came from a US
Navy admiral, not Hex.
And Samsung unveiled its first trifold
[music] smartphone, which can unfold
into a larger tablet-siz device. The
company plans to sell the phone in the
US as well as [music] China, Taiwan,
Singapore, and the United Arab Emirates.
The announcement comes several months
ahead of when Apple is expected [music]
to announce its first folding iPhone.
Dr. Bloomberg Green Lisa,
>> thank you so much, Yhier. I never
understood why a folding phone would be
a game changer, [music] but maybe I will
be proven otherwise. I don't know. Have
you tried it? I haven't tried it, but
maybe because the phones are becoming
now bigger than [music] your pockets,
bigger than your purses, maybe you can
have the actual tablet size [music] you
want, but make it easier, more
accessible to carry around with you.
That's my thinking.
>> Yeah, maybe you can just chip it [music]
into your brain and everything will be
just fine.
>> Elon Musk is actually working.
>> They think that I think that that's
coming up next. That's the next
iteration. Up next is not that [music]
pushing for peace. Special Envoy Witkoff
and Secretary Rubio and the vice
president and the president himself. Uh
Secretary Hegb as well have been working
so hard on this effort. They had very
good talks with the Ukrainians in
Florida and now of course special envoy
Whit is on his way to Russia.
>> Bloomberg's vacer and Peter [music]
Smolinsky is are both joining us next.
This is Bloomberg surveillance.
>> [music]
>> Maybe there actually will be a meltup
into year end. Right now, what we're
seeing in futures is that melt up with
uh futures [music] near session highs
led by the NASDAQ. So, a real possible
reprieve for some of [music] the more
sensitive stocks to the AI story. Up
4/10en of a percent on the Nasdaq. S&P
futures up almost 310 of a percent. You
can see the Russell 2000 outperforming
here, up 6/10 of a percent after really
getting hammered yesterday. [music]
You're seeing a reprieve in the bond
space as well. Yesterday, you did see a
pretty significant sell-off at least
[music] at the longer end of the yield
curve in response to what we were seeing
possibly from Japan. I'm not sure. Also
potentially the ISM. Today you're seeing
a bit more quiet at the 2-year [music]
353 10-year 4.09%
just slightly higher in terms of yields.
30-year yields though lower and
definitely giving [music] some sense
that maybe we have reached a calm and
maybe a yield curve flattening [music]
at least uh coming from Japan under
surveillance this morning pushing for
peace.
The administration feels very
optimistic. Obviously, the president's
entire team, including uh special envoy
WhitF and Secretary Rubio and the vice
president and the president himself, uh
Secretary Hegath as well have been
working so hard on this effort. They had
very good talks with the Ukrainians in
Florida and now, of course, special
envoy Whit is on his way to Russia. We
do feel quite good and we're hopeful
that this war can finally come to an
end. Here's the latest. US special envoy
Steve Whit is set to meet with Russian
President Vladimir Putin with a renewed
push to end the war in Ukraine. and
Russian state media reporting the talks
will take place this afternoon with
headlines crossing that Steve Wickoff
has arrived in Russia. Our team coverage
starts right now with Bloomberg's Mika
Solner in Washington and Podor
Scholowski in Warsaw. Ma, I want to
start with you. What is the ultimate
goal here? Do we have a sense of what
was resolved in those Mara Lago
discussions with uh the Ukrainian
president?
Yeah, I mean, as we just heard Caroline
say, the White House is feeling very
optimistic in where they are right now
in terms of this push for peace. They're
are trying to meet an aggressive
deadline. They're trying to move as fast
as possible, but I think they feel like
they're in a good place. They put a lot
of pressure on Ukraine to accept the
deal. There's been a lot of back and
forth, but they've also made it clear
that they're going to continue working
equally with both sides, Ukraine and
Russia, when it comes to trying to
figure out a plan that's going to end
this four-year long war. Peter, what's
the feeling over in Warsaw, in Europe,
at a time when they really haven't been
included in the conversations? A real
sort of existential fear of what could
happen if Ukraine is forced to give over
more of its land that possibly hasn't
even yet been occupied.
>> Yeah. Yeah, the simplest way to to to to
put it is basically Europe has been
horrified by uh first of all seeing the
28 point plan that um that was um
revealed and it had no input from
Ukrainians. had no input from Europeans
and since then Europeans were trying to
kind of influence the the talks in some
way and and they probably managed to get
some inputs themselves by by by trying
to influence talks and and and trying to
um to steer the the the document closer
to um what is now known as 19point plan
uh which also Zalinsky yesterday said it
looks better than what was initially
presented but still Europe is very much
concerned what that's We heard from uh
Europe's uh top diplomat yesterday,
Karak Kalas, who who pretty much said um
you know, we are really concerned that
that Ukraine will be will be presented
with with sort of a lopsided plan where
where the weaker side, which is Ukraine,
is going to kind of bear the brunt of
most of the concessions. And that's the
main the most the biggest concern from
the European side because obviously it's
it's not only geopolitical situation and
and and the risks that there are for for
for Europe from that that um that war
but also the fact that Europe births the
most um expenses when it comes to to
financing the war going forward. So they
are really worried that they will be
left to to handle um uh the this war
going forward to pay for it but also be
in a much worse position. Mika, I'm just
curious how much it actually is true
that it seems like Steve Wickoff is
playing the Russian side and Marco Rubio
is playing the Ukrainian side and
President Trump hasn't yet fully made up
his mind which one to lean into.
Well, the administration has received a
lot of criticism in how they have gone
about this. Uh, as well as, you know,
there's a lot of hopeful uh members as
well on Capitol Hill and beyond who are
hoping that Trump can actually bring an
end to the war. that there are a lot of
people uh Trump allies um even
Republicans on Capitol Hill, top
Republicans who have said that the
president is leaning too hard into
appeasing Russia and that there are
major concerns about Ukraine's future
when it comes to the proposed plan at
hand. Bloomber's Mika Solner in
Washington and Peter Skolowski in Warso
to both of you thank you so much.
Cameron Dawson of New Edge Wealth. We
are lucky to still have in the studio.
And I'm wondering Cameron, how much you
could take a look at what's going on and
say this will actually potentially
either revive Faith in some sort of
European recovery or potentially in a
pessimistic scenario do the opposite.
>> Yeah, we're watching really closely the
stock price of Rhymel as a way to kind
of gauge all of this and fears about
European defense and how much they'll
have to do themselves. Of course, what
you saw at the beginning of this year is
a massive rally in European defense
stocks because of this fear that the US
wouldn't be there and that they'd have
to pay for it themselves. But what that
resulted in is a stock like Rhy Mattel
going from 20 times earnings to 55 times
earnings at its peak. And guess what?
The earnings estimates actually didn't
change at all because there wasn't any
near-term benefit to the to the overall
earnings because of this dynamic. So
that has now come off the boil. You have
a stock like Ryel trading below its 200
day moving average. It looks a little
bit toppy. So, it's not necessarily
showing that kind of fear yet back in
the prices of the stock. What about oil
though? Isn't that one of the major ways
to trade this? Because there considers
from this considerations from this
administration, they always dangle with
the carrot and stick approach that there
will be but maybe secondary sanctions on
individuals or countries that purchase
Russian crude.
>> Yeah. Anytime that we're looking at
geopolitical events, we always ask the
question, will it affect earnings? If
the answer is no, it's something that
should be faded because it likely is
just a near-term hit to sentiment. If
the answer is yes, it's likely because
of oil prices. And so, as we look at the
dynamics around oil prices, you're
sitting with a daily average gasoline
price right now sub $3 and you've been
in an environment where the last 3 years
you've had consistent year-over-year
decline in oil prices. For the US
consumer, that's effectively a tax cut.
So if you were in a scenario whether
something happens with Russia within
Venezuela that you see gasoline prices
and oil prices change direction that
could be a very interesting wrench for
the US consumer as well as for the Fed
>> and not only that but also companies as
it's a main input product.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. And you
think about something like Venezuela
where they produce heavy sour crude
which is used in diesel. A lot of talk
about diesel markets are already very
tight. So if you think of the industrial
implications, if you were to have a
conflict like that, you could see diesel
prices move higher. But again, you're
not in an environment where oil markets
are especially tight. You have the
strategic petroleum reserve that's still
well down from its 2021 peak, but has
been building. So in theory, there would
be room to absorb a little bit of a
cushion if you saw oil prices inch up.
>> So what I'm hearing from you is that
although these talks might be important,
the market is just going to shrug them
off. Yeah, that that is typically the
the case with any geopolitical event. It
really comes down to this notion of yes,
it might be scary. Yes, it might be bad
for certain populations, but if it
doesn't impact US corporate earnings,
it's something that should be faded. At
the same time, I mean, if you just take
a step back, this year was all supposed
to be about the real physical world. And
we've seen the revenge of the physical
world since the pandemic. And that after
the conflict was over, and hopefully
that will be soon, there there would be
a rebuild effort in Ukraine. there would
be infrastructure that would have to
come in addition to the buildout of
infrastructure for AI in Europe. I just
wonder how people are understanding the
pricing of that story given the fact
that that has been known, but there was
reports today that Europe is struggling
to get some of the natural resources
that they're looking for because of the
stiff competition from places like the
United States.
>> Yeah, maybe there is some of this
perkiness that we're seeing in those
industrial metals starting to show up as
some of this rebuild. And I think at the
end of the day, there's still questions
about how much Germany would be willing
to do as far as expanding its its fiscal
deficit and really holding to that that
black zero of balance budget. So, you
know, I think that hope springs eternal
that you're going to see this big huge
infrastructure buildout. It always seems
like we're perpetually next week is
infrastructure week and that just simply
hasn't materialized.
>> Which is the reason why I think a lot of
people are trying to understand just how
different this administration is with
respect to a more transactional approach
to international policy. How much you
follow that versus uh just simply go
with the sort of mainstay of ignore
geopolitics unless itffect affects the
price of oil.
>> Yeah. And certainly there's been so much
more focus on internal things within the
US and receding from some of these geo
geopolitics to focus on things like
bringing manufacturing back to the US
and and being able to make sure that you
have access to key inputs like rare
earth materials and we are starting to
see some process or so some progress in
the ability to build out that kind of
infrastructure but it certainly takes
time.
>> Yeah. Well, this is definitely what
everyone keeps talking about which is
essentially this is a very longdated
issue. So Cameron Dawson's going to be
sticking with us. But to me, this is
sort of the key question. If this really
is the revenge of the physical world, is
there a mismatch in the disinflation
that AI will create with the inflation
potentially of the real world materials
that are needed to really make this
happen?
>> Well, you might get the inflation first
and the first and the disinflation comes
later. Talking about the physical world
though, David Saxs in the last 48 hours
was tweeting about this Wall Street
Journal article about how actually the
cost of construction workers, plumbers,
welders have all gone up. But this is
sector specific and region specific
based on whether or not a Microsoft is
investing billions of dollars to build
an AI plant in your district.
>> That was a great story by the way about
the arms race to hire people who are
able to construct some of the data
centers and the ability to make $200,000
$250,000 a year. Uh but you're right,
this is something very sector specific
focused on those data centers.
>> Absolutely. And it's going to take you
don't build a data center overnight.
This is going to take years and years of
a buildout across the United States.
>> Coming up, we're gonna be talking about
inflation of a different type, the bill
that you pay for your cable network.
Bloomberg's Keith Raen is media giants
race to acquire Warner Brothers
Discovery. Plus, plus Danny Burgerer
with your morning movers. MongoDB
soaring on an earnings beat. Otherwise,
pretty quiet right now. Although, you
are seeing a rally build steam led by
guess what? [music] Big tech. This is
Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> building on a rally trying to melt up
into year end. Tech stocks which have
been beaten up and underperforming
[music] in a significant way
outperforming this morning. What you do
see is those gains continuing to build
up 3/10en of a percent on the S&P.
[music] NASDAQ futures up 4/10en of a
percent. The Russell 2000 up 610 of a
percent. A real question about what's
going on in the bond space. Yesterday
[music] we started off with a little bit
of a sell-off even with the Bank of
Japan indicating they probably were
going to hike rates later this month.
And then as the session grew older,
those yields continue to climb, building
on that increase this morning, [music]
two years up uh just slightly, but 3.53%
yesterday. It was led by the long end.
We really saw that 10-year yields
continuing to inflect [music] higher
almost at 410. Cameron, what did you
make of what we saw yesterday? Was it
that people were waking up to the idea
of the Bank of [music] Japan? Or was
this something else? I think that it was
partially bake Japan that if they were
[music] going to be more hawkish
incrementally at the margin, you have
less treasury demand. But I do think a
lot of it was the Costco story. [music]
It was the idea that potentially that if
tariffs are ruled illegal that they'd
have to give the money back. and that
Costco's suing to try to get the money
back would suggest that you would have a
bigger hole in the budget, meaning that
all of those billions of dollars raised
by tariffs would now have to be funded
by Treasury issuance. [music] And given
the fact that you have things like the
reverse repo market being much smaller,
that balance could push issuance on the
long end of the curve, thus higher
[music] yields in the tenure. We're
going to get into that story in just a
minute. Great tease. Right now you are
seeing Bitcoin [music] not necessarily
seeing the plunge that it saw yesterday
where it was plunging almost 9% at one
point the most is going back to March
today just a little bit of a breather.
We're not going to be covering Bitcoin
in mass but it really is a tell of just
what the risk sentiment is and what kind
of pain is out there in [music] the
retail space 3 hours away from the cash
open. Here are your morning movers is
Danny Ber. Danny. Hey Lisa. [music] Feel
for the bankers who over the
Thanksgiving weekend had to do work on
this Warner Brothers Discovery fielding
second rounds of offers for it. [music]
That includes an allcash reportedly
mostly cash bid from Netflix. So those
shares are moving higher by 1.76%.
[music]
Uh reportedly Warner Brothers Discovery
is aiming for $30 a share for the bid
price. The chair ameritus at the company
believes that they will be able to do
so. A little bit of earnings to get
through MongoDB. This is the cloud
software company. A raise to their
outlook. a new CEO at the helm saying
that it is their AI powering of
different applications that really
helped their [music] results be it from
startups from more established companies
though shares up 24 just under 24%. Uh
finally a little bit of deal news.
Marvel Technologies are going to have
their earnings after the bell but the
information reporting that they will be
buying a company called Celestial AI.
This is an AI company that basically
powers the [music] applications through
light through photons versus
electronics. Apparently that makes
things more seamless. Multiple millions
is the price tag that the information
reported. It is an unprofitable company.
Uh nonetheless a lot of AI M&A happening
just [music] in general for those shares
moving higher. Lisa, thank you so much
Danny. On our radar this morning, a real
focus in Washington [music] DC.
President Donald Trump set to host a
cabinet meeting later today. Top
officials will likely continue outlining
next steps amid mounting tensions with
Venezuela. The real question may be how
much is this really going to continue to
swirl over the head of Pete Hegsth, the
uh head of the Department of War. How
much is that in sort of the ether in
Washington DC? Absolutely. Because
you're seeing bipartisanship across
Congress when it comes to individuals
that serve on say the armed services
committee that want answers to what
actually went down when it comes to the
strike on that boat when there was two
survivors. There was a Washington Post
report that Pete Hegsath the defense
secretary had this call to say everyone
there should be no survivors. Everyone
uh should be killed and then a second
strike was ordered by this admiral and
it seems to be a distinction without a
difference. If it comes from the top,
doesn't that come from Pete Heget? So
that's kind of been the back and forth,
but the White House has Caroline Levit
has come out and really defended what
the defense department did. But
potentially this can have repercussions
in Congress,
>> which is the reason why people are
watching this cabinet meeting very
closely. Uh elsewhere, and this is
something that Cameron was talking
about, and we'll dig into now a little
bit more, Costco suing the Trump
administration, the retail giant joining
dozens of companies seeking to guarantee
tariff refunds if the Supreme Court
rules the president's global global
duties unlawful. Cameron, you were
saying that you think this is part of
the bond market sell-off yesterday
because it really plays into the fiscal
story. Does this increase the potential
deficit of the United States should
there be repercussions from the Supreme
Court ruling?
>> Yeah, part of the reason why we think
that the bond market has been so calm
over the course of the last 6 months or
so is because you have had this tariff
revenue that has allowed them to not
have to issue as many treasuries. So, if
that gets called into question and you
have the potential that some of the
money would have to be given back if
some of these lawsuits are successful,
then it would suggest that you have more
treasury issuance and thus upward
pressure on curves. Costco is basically
filing the suit saying that AIA is
unlawful because they feel like even if
the Supreme Court comes down and says
that they aren't lawful, they will not
be for sure greenlighted to get those
refunds back. So they are getting all
their ducks in the row preparing
potentially for Supreme Court to come
down on them. They have collected
$2 billion at minimum already this year.
They say they could potentially bring in
trillions, at least the tariff policy,
over the next decades. If this does not
stand up, this is going to complicate
the Trump administration ahead of the
midterm elections because they're going
to have to basically redo the entire
trade policy using many other legal
authorities, but just take a lot more
time. I wonder also with a big uh player
like Costco doing this whether it
greenlights it for other companies as
well to say it is okay for you to get on
board and line up to get all of your
ducks in a row. To your point,
>> they're going to have to file suit then
and say it's unlawful. That's going to
put them at crosshairs with the
administration.
>> Well, this is exactly the point.
Meanwhile, another sharp drop in the
crypto market leading to the liquidation
of almost $1 billion in leveraged
trading bets. Bitcoin sliding as much as
8% yesterday, bringing its decline since
early October to almost 30%. Cameron, do
you watch Bitcoin every day?
>> Well, it's important as a gauge for
liquidity as well as as well as risk
appetite. And the fact that Bitcoin
wasn't making new highs as other parts
of the market were was making us
uncomfortable over the course of the
last couple of months. Because if
liquidity is tightening, if risk
appetite is waning, it means that that
lowquality speculative leadership that
has really dragged this market higher
since the April lows should be in
question.
>> Which is the reason why we're following
it this morning. If you're wondering
whether we've turned into a Bitcoin
channel, it is not that, but it is a
really important kind of view on
liquidity. Let's turn to media. Warner
Brothers Discovery fielding offers for
media giants as sources say the auction
could wrap up in the coming days.
Netflix making a mostly cash offer as
Paramount and Comcast do still remain in
the mix. Githther Ranganathan of
Bloomberg Intelligence joins us now.
Githa, Netflix almost all cash and yet
there still are other players in the
mix. How close are we to some sort of
conclusion to this ongoing melodrama?
>> Yeah, thanks Lisa. So, this was the
second round. It's not necessarily the
final round of bids just yet. Uh but the
offers are binding. So, if the board
decides that uh you know they do see an
offer that they like, uh this might very
well be uh we might be very well close
to a conclusion of this ongoing uh M&A
saga for Warner Brothers Discovery.
>> Keith, any sense on where they are
leaning right now?
So what was really interesting about the
Netflix offer? First of all, I don't
think anybody on the street really
thinks really initially thought that
Netflix was making a very serious offer
here or that they were seriously
interested in Warner Brothers Discovery.
Warner Brothers Discovery has been seen
more as kind of an existential
uh asset purchase for both Paramount and
Comcast, not necessarily for Netflix. Uh
so first of all you know the fact that
they've come so far they've you know
they've they're they're in the second
round and the fact that they're making
an allcash offer I mean you have Netflix
stock is extremely valuable when
compared to either Comcast or Paramount
Skyance. So I think you know we're
seeing a little bit of I think a change
here in sentiment. I mean we would have
expected uh more news maybe from from
Comcast uh you know a sweetened offer
that there have been some reports but I
think Netflix is is really serious. So,
I think that's that's a little bit of a
of a change that that I I don't think
many people had seen coming.
>> Besides the cash offer and besides
basically the financial offer, is there
anything that Netflix is offering that
makes this more attractive than the
others?
>> So, I think with Netflix, uh, you know,
there've been some reporting suggesting
that, you know, the the regulatory
aspect is going to be a little bit of a
concern. uh you do have Netflix which
has close to maybe about 320 325 million
streamers. You have HBO Max which has
about 130 million. You put those two
together, you obviously have a streaming
service uh you know with a huge huge
moat with over 450 million streamers. So
that's obviously going to be a little
bit of a concern from a regulatory
standpoint. Now Netflix themselves have
the big question for Netflix has
obviously been you know they've always
been against releasing movies in
theaters. Uh so the fact that they're
buying Warner's studio assets which is
obviously one of the biggest studios in
Hollywood. The big question has been
will they you know pull all those movies
will they continue to release those
movies and of course Ted Sarandos who's
the CEO has kind of asuaged theater
owners and you know the Hollywood mogul
that they will continue to release those
theaters. So they're doing everything
that they can I think from a regulatory
front just to kind of appease and and
assuage u uh you know the regulators but
you know still it's it's kind of a wait
and watch here.
>> Bloomers Keith Ragnathan thank you so
much for that. Cameron, are you actually
investing in any of this stuff? Are you
like betting on the consolidation of the
media space?
>> Well, I think it's actually interesting
how this will all be funded because it's
looking like it would be a $60 billion
deal. And if you look at the amount of
cash that Netflix has on its balance
sheet, it's about $9 billion. So,
they're going to have to raise debt.
They don't have a lot of debt in their
balance sheet. They have6 net debt to
EPO. So, there's room for them to do
that. But, if they go through this deal
and it is a cash deal, they will be
going to the debt markets. a very smart
take and very much increasingly the take
when it comes to a lot of the dominant
corporate stories certainly in the tech
space with open AAI and all of its debt
issue. And speaking of that, OpenAI CEO
Sam Alman declaring code red. According
to a memo seen by multiple outlets,
Altman sent a companywide message
stressing the need to improve chat GPT
as Google gains ground. Bloomberg's Tom
McKenzie joins us now. Tom, we've seen a
slew of memos reported on from Sam Alman
talking about increasing concern about
the competition from uh Google in
particular. How much are they taking
this seriously? How much are they
innovating in a way where they could
keep an edge versus some of their better
funded uh peers?
>> And it does, Lisa speak to that funding
story that you just touched on there.
the need to have those deals, the need
to raise capital, have that liquidity
and raise debt as well for OpenAI which
does not have the balance sheet of
course of the likes of Alphabet and
needs that liquidity and that funding to
spend not just on the infrastructure but
to ensure that there is adoption of
their products and particularly GPT. So
yes, they are taking this very seriously
to your point there was a memo put out
on Monday according to the information
on this red alert that Sam Alman is now
issuing across the company because
Gemini is now so good. Gemini 3.0. It's
been incredibly wellreceived within the
developer community within the AI
ecosystem and the uptake is there.
Google is also able to embed its own
models into its products, get it into
the hands of users very quickly and it's
proving effective and they are seeing
the user growth just as the user growth
it seems for OpenAI is starting to slow.
that race between if you have four or
five horses that are out front then of
course Sam Alman open AAI was straight
out of the gates November 2022 Gemini
was on the back foot Google was on the
back foot they had their own red alert
now they are very rapidly catching up
and that is where the emphasis is now
that is where the concern is so it seems
like Sam Alman is telling the business
telling OpenAI and the team to focus
front and center on their GBT models and
they say there's going to be an update
potentially next week to rival Gemini
3.0 zero and to walk back maybe from
some of their adverts, their efforts
around advertising, maybe for some of
their agentic push as well because they
need to get the primary product right
and they need to make sure they're not
losing that customer the growth that
they've seen that they think could lead
to revenues of $10 billion this year,
possibly 20 billion next year and
possibly 30 billion the next year on
2027. That's all dependent on the
continuing growth and uptick amongst
individuals and corporate consumers as
well. Blue Brooks, Tom McKenzie, thank
you so much for that that sort of uh
expected growth in revenues part of the
issue. I mean Cameron, that is part of
the problem given how much their their
debt pile has surged and the leverage
tied to it, not just from them but also
data center providers has grown to
something like a hundred billion
dollars.
>> Yeah. And this blank check that you've
had investors be willing to write to
companies in order to be in this arms
race, now it seems to be that there's
much more of a question of what will the
return be? And we still come back to the
fact that this is AI is just so much
more competitive than their legacy
businesses which were near monopolies.
>> Yesterday also we heard about OpenAI
taking a ownership stake in Thrive
Holdings which basically is Thrive
Capital that which originally invested
in Open AI once again another episode of
circular financing at some point. Does
that really start to freak people out?
>> Yes. And what we find is that circular
financing is really good on the way up.
It actually adds to the capability of
growth because you're having this kind
of circular self-reinforcing kind of
dynamic. The problem is is that once
something turns, once the catalyst
happens that causes it to turn, it
magnifies things on the way down. It's
Andrew Low's adaptive market hypothesis
in in full force. Yeah. And this really
goes to also in video with synopsis
yesterday. This idea of vendor financing
all making people a little bit nervous.
It also suggests they just have so much
cash they don't know what to do with it.
So I guess that's a better outlook at
least on the story. Right now let's get
you an update on stories elsewhere.
Here's your Bloomberg brief with Yhierra
Anihara.
>> Hi Lisa. White House special envoy Steve
Wickoff is in Moscow today. He's meeting
with Russian President Vladimir Putin to
[music] discuss the latest proposal to
end the war with Ukraine. Ahead of the
meeting, Putin said Russian troops took
over the city of Pokrosk in Ukraine's
eastern Doness region, but Ukraine's
military spokesman [music] denied the
claim.
Meanwhile, Starbucks has agreed to pay $
38.9
million in a settlement with the city of
New York. The coffee chain was [music]
accused more than half a million times
over a three-year period of violating a
local law requiring fast food businesses
to give workers predictable and stable
schedules. Starbucks has to pay $35.5
[music] million to more than 15,000
workers.
And Amazon is testing a new ultra fast
delivery service. The online retailer
[music] is aiming to deliver groceries
and other daily essentials in 30 minutes
or less to customers in [music] major US
cities. The company is seeking approvals
to build or renovate small delivery hubs
in cities including Seattle, [music]
Philadelphia, and Fort Worth, Texas.
That's your Bloomberg brief. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Yahara, up next,
airlines [music] taking a hit. Do you
think there's going to be any permanent
hit to the fourth quarter earnings
because of the shutdown?
>> You can't you can't make up a one week
of Delta. We had a little over 2,000
cancellations. You can't make that up
[music] within the quarter.
>> Tom Fitzgerald of TD Cowan joining next.
This is Bloomberg Surveillance.
[music]
>> [music]
>> building on a bit of a rally at least a
reprieve from [music] yesterday's
losses. You're seeing across the board
up about 3/10en of a percent on the S&P
futures. You are seeing yields inflect a
little bit higher building on some of
the losses from yesterday. 10ear yields
4.09% [music]
and a little bit of just stagnation
everywhere else. Not a very active day.
116 uh on the Euro dollar cross. Other
surveillance this morning. Airlines
taking a hit.
>> Do you think there's going to be any
permanent hit to the fourth quarter
earnings because of the shutdown?
>> You can't you can't make up a one week
of Delta. We had a little over 2,000
cancellations. You can't make that up
within the quarter. So, yes, there was
an impact like there's going to be in
all the airlines. is transitory.
>> Here's the latest. Major airlines
[music] under pressure heading into year
end, facing a range of issues from the
fallout uh of the government shutdown to
problems with Airbus aircraft. Tom
Fitzgerald of TD Cowan lowering his
estimates on the big six US airlines for
the fourth quarter, but still seeing
positivity ahead, saying as long as the
broader macro economy can continue to
grow in 2026, the sector should see a
better year. Tom joins us now for more.
Tom, can you just talk about uh what
went into your downgrade for the overall
estimates of the airlines and whether
you think that it could really set them
back in a more protracted way?
>> Thanks so much. It was predominantly
driven by the the government shutdown.
You know, we saw a pretty steep impact
on the first half of November,
especially for corporate traffic, which
um was was very hot in October and
Thanksgiving Thanksgiving data looked a
little bit softer than um than we were
expecting. So, so it was um most of the
most of our estimate revisions were were
due to that and then we took it down a
little bit further out of caution ahead
of the December holiday period, but
overall we think this is an event the
market will look through. We think most
investors are expecting guidance cuts
this week and next week. Um and we think
it should be a clearing event for the
group.
>> Could any of the airlines make up for
what happened with the shutdown?
>> I don't think so. I I I think there's
like a certain element of demand that
just got destroyed. It's possible some
bookings were pushed off. Um, but I I
think there's a lot of trips that just
didn't happen and it it it's
unfortunate.
>> So, what are you looking at for 2026
when it comes to the airlines? Who do
you think is going to lead the pack?
Who's making the right decisions now?
Who maybe made the right decisions when
it comes to cost savings during the
government shutdown?
>> United's our best idea for 2026. We
think they've been making the right
decisions for, you know, close to a
decade now. Um, you go back to their the
pandemic when they decided not to retire
their widebody fleets. They kept their
pilots um in place so they were able to
rebound faster than people. Their fleet
renewal plan drives a really attractive
flywheel um where they take in larger
aircraft than the planes they're
replacing. So they don't spill as much
revenue. They have more premium seating
and more basic economy seating. So
that's a bit of a category killer. And
because the planes are larger than the
ones they're replacing, there's a really
nice non-fuel cost tailwind as well. So
we think, you know, they're probably the
highest quality growth story among the
US airlines as we go into next year.
Tom, how much are the airlines the
perfect synopsis of the K-shaped economy
and how a the airlines like United and
Delta will continue to get business and
continue to expand their lead over the
other airlines as better healed
customers are able to shell out a bit
more.
>> I I think you've said it well and I
think it really ties into how um
important revenue diversification is and
how much more resilient the earnings of
those two companies are versus the
broader peer group. If you look at how
um estimate revisions for full year 2025
EPS have trended over the course of the
last year, all the airlines saw their
numbers got cut um just given the events
of this year. But Deltton United it was
you know estimates came down about 16
20% versus the other airlines it was
more in the you know 30 to 60% range. So
I I think these two are in a league of
their own.
>> Tom Fitzgerald of TD Cowan. Thank you so
much. Still with us is Cameron Dawson of
New Edge Wealth and I am curious what
you're looking at to try to get a gauge
of the consumer. We were talking about
airlines. We do get VISM vehicle sales
today. We're going to be getting ISM
services come tomorrow. We're going to
be getting ADP data. We're not getting
non-farm payrolls. We're trying not to
pout about that. But I'm just wondering
what your compass is as you gauge
whether people will keep spending.
>> We think the most important compass is
the equity market itself. We've been
looking at the ratio of equal weight
discretionary versus staples and arguing
that as long as that ratio remains in an
uptrend. This is an equity market that
says that the aggregate consumer
deserves the benefit of the doubt. But
as we know as you mentioned the K-shaped
economy that the aggregate consumer does
not reflect the average consumer.
Meaning that the largest consumers are
the strongest. So they're making the
overall data look better. However, these
smaller consumers, which are weak, is
what's really being reflected in things
like sentiment data, which is why you
can see something like University of
Michigan conference board data looks so
weak because every vote counts the same.
But when it comes to spending, it's it's
market weighted. We haven't even
mentioned the Fed this hour. You know,
you're welcome, but I am wondering how
much it would really change the dynamic
if you did get Fed rate cuts uh later
this month, next week, as well as
several next year. So, this is where I
think there could be a big plot twist,
which is that the high-income consumer
actually loves higher rates. They have
termed out mortgages. They have big cash
balances. And if you go back to the last
few years, what you actually saw was
interest income growing rather rapidly
up to a peak of 20% back in 2023 because
the Fed was raising rates. So, we
actually think that rate cuts hurt the
high-income consumer more than they help
the high-income consumer because they
don't have nearly as much reliant on
float reliance on floating rate debt,
>> which is uh going to be something that
the administration will try to deal
with, I'm sure, uh if they get what they
want. Cameron Dawson of New Edge Well,
thank you so much for being with us for
this entire hour. Wonderful to get your
thoughts as always. I mean, it's clear
this is what's partly on the minds of
people in Washington DC, especially as
there's another meeting today uh with
potential uh potential red address of
some of the cost of living issues.
>> Absolutely. Affordability has been top
of concerns for Americans. It continues
to show up in polls. The president
continues to remind Americans that gas
prices are lower, but other items are
higher. coffee, bananas, avocados, which
is why you saw the administration make a
U-turn when it comes to some imported
agricultural goods and food products
because they are trying to address the
affordability concerns because it
continues to show up in polls, but also
Cameron is talking about how maybe the
high-end consumer actually wants higher
interest rates. The low-end consumer
does not want that. And this
administration's been constantly talking
about delivering for Main Street. Well,
for them that means in their view the
Federal Reserve needs to continue
cutting interest rates. I wonder if
anyone said a study about how much lower
prices of bananas would really help the
price of inflation because bananas are
not the most expensive fruit. It really
is blackberries. I'm just saying if they
want to really produce CPI, we're not
going to get into that. Coming up next,
we have a wonderful guest, Apollo Global
Management President Jim Zelter will be
joining us. Way Lee of Black Rockck with
a new outlook. And Nor Cristiani of JP
Morgan Private Bank [music] with a huge
focus on Latin America with Venezuela
very much in the forefront right now.
You are seeing maybe some sort of
reprieve in terms of risk appetite with
stocks rising ahead of the open. This is
Bloomberg surveillance.
[music]
The underlying question is uh what the
market expect the Fed to do versus what
the Fed should do.
>> They're back in the game with more rate
cuts.
>> This should be uh a mixed decision right
now and they might on the side of
cutting.
>> We think they will cut at the meeting
next week and our sense is that they
could cut again in January.
>> This cut is going to happen. I think the
data will prove them wrong as we head
into 2026. [music]
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance looking for the Santa rally
after a rough start to December with
traders building on earlier optimism at
least this session although fading just
a touch. Look, we're trying to make
something with this after yesterday was
a significant sell-off. But right now at
least for the time being and not
necessarily focusing on stagflationary
headwinds or overvalued AI companies.
Still questions are lingering about the
AI rac's leadership with OpenAI's Sam
Alman calling for a code red in [music]
the race to chatbot supremacy with
Alphabet's GE Alphabets Gemini seeming
to [music] gain some ground. So Google
had their own code red moment because of
what chat GPT was doing and open AAI and
now OpenAI is looking at oh my god
Gemini has taken off. It's a resurgence.
[music] We need to double down and work
on our product. And it comes at a time
when they have committed hundreds
[music] to billions of dollars when it
comes to the infrastructure and data
centers which is why there is cause for
concern but it was always going to be
this way. [music] Cameron Dawson is
talking about that and she actually
likes what she's seeing in the space
because it shows that it is competitive
and it actually is [music] an AI race.
The problem is who is going to win when
you have billions of dollars being
committed and as we talked about the
last hour a lot of these deals are very
circular [music] in nature. So if
someone goes bust potentially a lot of
companies will be going bust. We have a
lot of time to focus on this because
we're not focusing on payrolls which we
are not getting on Friday and we're not
getting Jolt's data and we're not going
to be getting a whole host of other
other potential data points. What we are
getting this week [music] is ISM
services which is going to be really
important coming up tomorrow given what
we saw with a sort of stagflationary
tilt under ISM manufacturing and then
ADP [music] jobs and jobless claims.
Coming up this hour, let's get right to
it because to me this really is the
conversation of the day. Apollo
president Jim Zelter with investors
remaining skittish to start [music] the
month still looking ahead to a brighter
2026. Wley of Black Rockck with AI
transforming global markets and Norrist
Christian of JP Morgan Private Bank as
the US increases pressure on Venezuela.
We begin this hour with investors trying
to claw their way out of recent worries
about overvalued tech companies,
stagflation. Apollo Global Management
President Jim Zelter joins us now. Uh
Jim, wonderful to see you. Thank you so
much for being here.
>> Always nice to be here, Lisa. So, let's
start with the look ahead for next year,
which is everything is awesome. And what
we're hearing from every single person
who comes on the show is that next year
is going to be double- digit gains in
the S&P 500 at the same time that you
continue to get grind out better returns
from the debt space. Is there a
contradiction here?
>> Well, I would just say that the the
confidence sitting here in December
about next year that anybody puts forth
has to be taken with a little bit of of
skepticism because of the year we've
just had. uh if you were here on this on
this journey this year obviously has
been a trend on volatility and we've
ended up in a place that many probably
wouldn't have predicted but as we sit
here right now thinking about the year
ahead you're going to end this year with
a extremely strong M&A calendar and M&A
uh backlog in terms of what's actually
been executed this year but also in the
pipeline of new deals the expectations
on the Bloomberg economics page is a 30%
chance of a recession next year a little
bit higher inflation a little bit lower
growth And as we talked about a moment
ago, one of the markets has to be wrong
in this intersection right now where
many are saying we need to lower rates
because of an economic slowdown and the
other side saying earnings upside
because of accelerating earnings from
the MAG 7 and the 493. Those both can't
be correct or it's very very unlikely
that they'll both be correct. I I we're
in the camp at Apollo as as Torson's
been up here and many others that
between the K-shaped economy and other
demographic issues, we're going to
probably see a deceleration of lower
rates and a stronger e economy in terms
of M&A capex cycle positive regulatory
backdrop and things of that nature. So,
if bonds and stocks can't both be right
and they seem to be in conflict right
now, are you saying that stocks have it
right and bonds have it wrong?
>> I'm saying the what's been surprising to
all of if we take a big step back the
last four or five years, the idea that
the the Fed would raise rates so much
that they did starting in 22, we all
predicted massive slowdown in the US
economy, tightening financial
conditions, and we were all wrong. This
US economy has been amazingly resilient.
Now, it's been resilient for organic
reasons as well as a lot of fiscal
spending. Uh obviously now the capex
cycle, but the US economy has been the
most resilient for a variety of reasons
and our suspicion is that that will tend
to continue in the in the year ahead. So
I I think if you look at if you look at
the gap in the last month or so of the
MAG 7 earnings growth and the 493 a year
ago it was like 30 35%. The growth rates
of the MAG 7 and the 493 in the last
quarter was 11% 22 versus 11 I believe.
So the rest of the US economy is doing
somewhat better in light of the breadth
of the AI cycle.
>> But how much is this really all
predicated on the ongoing funding of the
AI cycle? I mean, this is sort of the
fear that you're seeing baked into
markets right now is that there's a lot
of debt coming into the space and
everything is leveraged to AI being the
solution to absolutely every problem
that we have.
>> Well, I think I think you need to
separate that a little bit on the on the
equity side of the AI activity and and
Emry mentioned it at the start.
Certainly, you've got the the incumbents
that have amazing business models,
whether that's Alphabet, Meta, and the
other Microsoft and Amazon. And then
you've got the upstart, open AAI.
They're all coming from a different
situation. One, the four or five have
incredibly strong balance sheets and
incredibly strong capbacks and and and
excuse me, free cash flow which they're
going to allocate to the ai equity story
because for them it's an existential
issue. So for that, that's the equity
side of the equation. What you're really
touching on is this question of the 5
to7 trillion that's expected to be
needed to fund the data center and
infrastructure capbacks of the next 5 to
7 years. That's been the zip code of the
of the numbers being being bantied
around. And today if you look at that
number in aggregate and take a step back
again is the industry of that 5 trillion
about a trillion5 will get funded from
uh free cash flow of the of the
hyperscalers. The next trillion5 will
get funded between project finance
private capital and a variety of other
debt markets. About a trillion and a
trillion a quarter will get done by the
high-grade investment grade market. So
it leaves about a trillion trillion5.
Where is that going to get financed?
That's a question mark. What's the
clearing price of that of that paper?
And so you know, we spent a lot of time
thinking about that. That that's that's
those are the big picture moves that
will really have an impact on pricing of
the IG market, pricing of the high yield
market, pricing of investment grade
private credit. That's the big question
that we're all grappling with if you're
in these markets today. Last time you
were on, you talked about how financing
these data centers is fundamentally
different than in the past financing
other technology projects. Why? Why are
they so different?
>> Well, the last 30 years in the US high
yield and leverage finance market. For
the most part, you've been financing
companies that were disruptors, but they
were not investment grade disruptors.
Think of the cable companies. Think of
health care companies. Think of gaming.
Even companies like MCI and the regional
airlines this time with the
hyperscalers. Again, if you look at the
balance sheets of Microsoft and Google
and Amazon, these are some of the
greatest companies we've ever seen. 3400
billion in revenues, 150 billion a year
per company in free cash flow. So there
is a counterparty to those businesses.
you're willing to take on much longer
duration risk if they are the tenant
counterparty than you might have been at
an upstart MCI or an upstart airline.
It's just a very different economic
equation. It's it's great investment
grade risk. It's challenging
non-investment grade risk. Now, the the
impact of that if you look at the
investment grade market today, which is
about 11 trillion, it's up from about 3
trillion five uh 10 years ago. That's
really dominated by the financial
services companies. The biggest issuers
are JP Morgan, BFA, Wells, Morgan,
Stanley. The top seven are all banks. If
the predictions about the AI data center
boom are correct and the capital needs
of the 5 trillion that I just mentioned
will come through, you're going to look
at the IG marketplace in the next 5
years, the top 10 will be very
different. It will have meta. It will
have Amazon. It will have Microsoft. If
they do pursue that path of funding,
which is the it's one of the largest,
deepest markets, 11 trillion, they're
going to have to access that. So when we
step back and think about the next 3 to
5 years, we think about how the
investment grade public market is going
to change in context and risk. It's one
thing financing some of the great
financial services and banks in the
world. PostGFC, our banks and our
financial services companies are the
strongest, healthiest in the world. You
don't mind being a debt lender to those.
These other companies are taking
business models that have been amazing
business models that have been asset
light business models that have
generated tremendous amounts of cash
flow and they're just changing the the
risk of being a lender to those
companies. It's not bad risk, it's just
different risk.
>> It sounds like this year was the year of
credit. We were talking about how the
2025 banner year was credit. It sounds
like next year isn't going to be. It
sounds like next year the investment is
in something that is more revenue
streambased that is maybe more
equitydriven that isn't as leveraged to
the story that you're talking about
which is an increasing glut of issuance
potential sticky inflation and a Fed
that's not that accommodative.
>> I actually take the other side of that.
I I think it's actually a tremendous
time to be in credit. I I [laughter]
think this is all about dispersion. It's
picking the right names from the wrong
names. It's about like people in credit
are focused on credit whether it's IG
public high yield private and it's the
dispersion that we've been waiting if
you're if you're a a 40-year veteran of
this business and have built a massive
credit platform we like dispersion. We
we like being in the middle of trying to
pick the winners and losers because at
the end of the day that's as good credit
picking and I do think you're getting
rewarded with base rates between 3 and
4%. And the clearing price for a lot of
this capex for these data centers going
to be more challenging. That's when you
can actually earn your keep by being a
smart investor.
>> Do you think we're heading into a
distress cycle?
>> I I I don't I don't see it. Listen, we
we are one of the largest historical
players in the distressed arena. Um if
you look at the numbers in the last 12
months in the loan market, in the high
yield market, they've actually come down
in terms of the default rates, they were
a little bit north of 3 4%, they've
actually declined. So on a 3 trillion
plus high yield and loan market,
defaults of 2.5 3% that's 60 to 90
billion. I I don't see an overwhelming
amount. Now, what I do see is I think
you're going to get more secular
distressed than cyclical distressed. And
that's very important. When we think
about secular distress, I think that the
development of AI will change broad
business models. [snorts] If we've
talked a lot about healthcare
technology, we've talked a lot about you
know the outsourcing businesses, we've
talked about software, enterprise
software, the AI impact can have
dramatic impact on those business
models. And typically when you go back
in the underwriting memo and you think
about your base case and your downside
being down 5 10 15%. when you have
secular dislocation, you've missed the
downside by multiples and that's what
you're probably going to have. But but
again, I I think that what I think it's
a great question because I think a lot
of the topics that are being discussed
right now about the role of banks and
private credit or the transparency of
private credit, they're legitimate
questions, but the bigger questions are
it's been a long time since we've had a
credit cycle. We're going to have a
credit cycle. That's normal. It's
natural. It's a cleansing process of
capitalism. And again, I think that when
you have a business like we've been in
where you have many companies that are
more upstarts, we've been doing this.
I've been doing it for 40 years. We've
been doing it Apollo for 35 years. I
feel comfortable about our ability, but
you've got some tourists in the space.
No doubt about it.
>> Tourists. We'll get into who those
tourists might be. He's not going to
say, but we'll uh be Jim Zelto will be
sticking with us. We'll be continuing
this conversation. Right now, let's get
you an update on stories elsewhere this
morning. Here's your deliver brief for
the Hierra Onend. Hi, Lisa. [music]
Airbus is inspecting hundreds of its
A320 jets for potential quality flaws in
the plane's body. According to materials
from a presentation seen by Bloomberg, a
total of 628 [music] jets contain panels
that may be either too thick or too thin
due to a manufacturing issue with the
supplier. Of these 168 [music]
planes are already in service with
carriers and the rest are at various
stages of production. Meanwhile, big
Schwarz investor Michael Bur is betting
against Tesla. Fortune reporting that
Bur, best known for betting against the
housing [music] market during the 2008
financial crisis, says Tesla is
ridiculously overvalued. He is also
warning that founder Elon Musk's
proposed [music]
$1 trillion pay package would worsen
shareholder dilution. And the Northeast
[music] is preparing for its first major
snowstorm of the season. Some parts of
northern New England could see as much
as 10 in of snow. [music] The storm
could also drop up to 4 in of snow in
Chicago where a record 8.4 in [music]
fell at O'Hare International Airport on
Saturday. Dutchburg brief. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Yah. I think [music]
that we're just going to get rain here
in New York City. Is that right?
>> That's what I've heard. Okay. Except
upstate New York has already like
Saratoga, Albany. They've already gotten
some snow. [music] Yeah, I know. Make
reservations.
>> Yeah. Upstate is Rochester, New York.
That's
>> Oh, come on. [laughter]
>> That's upstate New York.
>> Alb is not upstate.
>> Come on. It is kind of up.
>> Anything north of Westchester is
upstate. We'll be discussing not that.
Up next, President Trump's tariff
agenda. Our view is that um if if if the
Supreme Court does strike down the AIPA
tariffs that the administration has been
pretty clear that they have other tools
in their toolkit. We'll continue the
conversation with Apollo President
[music] Jim Zelter coming up next. This
is Bloomberg Surveillance.
>> [music]
>> Seeing a bit of a reprieve from
yesterday's riskoff feel, but just
fading as the morning goes on. Not
exactly a massive rebound from
yesterday's declines. Up two ten of a
percent for S&P futures. Meanwhile, it
is a quiet morning [music] out there.
Not seeing a lot of action on the
currency space. Yields though creeping
higher on the long end. Keep watching
this space based on what we saw from the
[music] Bank of Japan yesterday leading
into 10-year yields rising by seven
basis points today. Building on that
higher by two basis points to 410
[music] under surveillance this morning.
President Trump's tariff agenda.
Our view is that um if if if the Supreme
Court does strike down the AIPA tariffs
that the administration has been pretty
clear that they have other tools in
their toolkit [music] such as sector
specific tariffs. So our view is
basically that tariffs in in this regime
are likely to remain in place in some
[music] form. Here's the latest. Costco
joining dozens of companies suing the
Trump administration to ensure
eligibility for refunds if the Supreme
Court strikes down the president's
sweeping global tariffs. Joining us now
is Bloomberg's Mika Solner in
Washington. Mika, welcome back. I am
wondering how much this is laying the
groundwork on Costco's part to get
refunds from the federal government and
whether this is building what we're
seeing from other federal uh from other
corporate uh corporate leaders around
the United States.
>> Yeah. Well, this is another issue that
the White House is going to have to deal
with, and it does increase pressure on
them when it comes to Trump's posturing
on tariffs, which has caused a headache
for major retailers like Costco, which
has taken steps to increase its domestic
production and uh who retailers um and
and create uh you know, more grounds
that way and trying to skirt those
tariffs. But I also think that it puts
pressure on the White House when it
comes to the issue of increased costs
for consumers as uh affordability and
cost of living continues to be an issue
for everyday Americans as well.
>> Mika Solder, thank you so much for that.
Apollo Global Management President Jim
Zelter still with us. And Jim, that
question of affordability very much in
the focus point not just for the Federal
Reserve, but also for the federal
government. From the Fed's perspective,
how much is it seeming like the logical
step to cut rates in response to
affordability concerns at the lower end
of the consumer base?
>> You know, I know you've had Torston on
recently to talk about this. I do think
the K-shap economy and the demographics
of that it's really having a an impact
on the transmission mechanism of Fed
policy. Um I do think the last 3 to 5
years you've seen whether it was this
emergence of the K-shaped economy and
our demographic shift of income and
wealth um along with the you know
evolution of our banking system the
evolution of dispersion securization
private capital I think that's blunted
the impact on monetary policy um and so
you know I I while I understand the the
impact of of the view that rates are a
bit higher than the the the nominal rate
right now um or the neutral rate, excuse
me. I I I just don't see a huge other
than confidence um in the equity market.
I I don't see a reason to cut rates
dramatically. But I do think there's no
doubt this affordability issue, we saw
it in New York, we saw it in the
national, we saw it in the various
elections around the country, Virginia
and other places, it's going to be a
topic for this administration to deal
with.
>> Absolutely. And we've seen them actually
backtrack on some issues because of it.
Torsenlock actually published this
morning talking about significant fiscal
boost coming in 2026 when it comes to
the one big beautiful bill. 2025 it was
a lot of uncertainty. At least that's
how people were viewing Washington. What
do you view Washington for 2026? What's
most important for you?
>> Well, I think that certainly would be
interesting to see what happens with the
uh Supreme Court and the tariffs. Um I
still think there's that that there's a
lot of um domestic initiatives in terms
of large uh industrial capex. Um but
from from our perspective the this
administration, you know, when you look
back at it, you really have 9 to 12
months to really get most of your
activity done and then the activity will
be on the midterms next year. So I think
that their ability to move in large
swath domestic activities is going to be
much more limited than it was this year.
So, it's more of a wait and see and see
how economy digest it. Do you think
they'll take more equity stakes?
>> Um, I don't have a view on that in
particular. They've had a handful.
Certainly, they need to um deal with
some of the domestic issues with regard
to chip manufacturing in the US. Um, a
lot of the activities that were approved
in the chip chips act uh prior with the
prior administration have not been put
to work. Um so that that's an ongoing
need to for national security and other
reasons for them to deal with. Um so
that would that would be on the agenda
in terms of manufacturing. Um but I'm
not sure I see a lot of uh equity stakes
as part of the plan.
>> I know you can't comment on potential
live deals. There is this Paramount
offer for Warner Brothers. It would be
financed by Apollo according to
reporting. Do you see this environment,
the regulatory environment ripe for
deals in a lot of these spaces?
>> You know, I think there's a reason why
the M&A market will have a near record
uh performance this year in terms of
volume north of 5 trillion. Certainly,
you have an administration that's much
more comfortable with large industrial
mergers. Um and certainly those larger
transactions are able to uh garner very
large financing packages. People want to
invest in highquality companies and
certainly whether it's it's it's
industrial consolidation or media
consolidation. Those types of activities
garner a lot of attention and
confidence.
>> Is there a lot going to get done between
now and the end of the year? or is
everyone pretty much packing it up,
putting their crystal balls on and
saying, "Look, we're going to the
beach."
>> No, I think listen, the these are very
robust markets. There's a lot of
activity going on right now. Um the the
market will probably shut down in 2 and
1/2 weeks or so for a little bit of a
global respbit um and the predictions
and the crystal balls will come out, but
there's still a fair amount of activity
going on and I think the pipelines are
uh fairly well built into the first
quarter. So, I would suspect a busy
first quarter as The crystal balls
already are out, Jim. Come on. They
already come out because people are
looking for something to talk about.
2026 is already done and dusted. People
are talking about 2027 at this point.
Can you imagine?
>> We We have to have people watch TV and
sell newspapers. So, it's important to
all of us.
>> Well, thank [laughter] you. It's like
the big box retailers that continuously
every year push Christmas up earlier.
I'm seeing Christmas decorations. I saw
them after Halloween. It's now like the
crystal balls that Wall Street is now
pushing up even earlier and earlier.
>> Yeah. Watch the Easter Bunny Star coming
up. Jim Zelter, thank you so much for
being with us today. Wonderful.
Wonderful to have you here. Really an
interesting discussion as we head into
next year about who's getting it wrong.
I keep going back to that. That's real
interesting point that Jim made about
the bond market and the stock market.
Both of them can't be right that you're
going to have a Fed cutting rates and
you're going to have potentially a real
rate decline at the same time of
reaceleration of corporate profits.
>> Reaceleration corporate profit. Torsson
lockers talking about the fiscal impulse
that we're going to get for 2026. And I
think Jim was right. This year was all
about the policy uncertainty in
Washington. And 2026 is all going to be
about the economy absorbing the
decisions that Trump administration took
because really the markets were driven
so much by Congress and by the White
House, less so by the Fed.
>> Yeah. And also by AI. And coming up,
we're going to be speaking with Way Lee
of BlackRock on the unprecedented speed
and scale of the AI buildout, what that
means [music] for investing looking
ahead. Plus, Yahand with your morning
movers. Credo technology shares soaring
following an [music] earnings beat for
the second quarter. Some of these tech
companies are coming out of the
woodwork. I'm realizing I'm going to
have to research what that company
actually does. [music] From New York
City, this is Bloomberg Surveillance.
[music]
Seeing a little bit of calm after
yesterday's selloff. Seeing an equity
future is just a little bit of a
positive lil. you are seeing a rebound,
particularly when it comes to big tech,
up about a quarter of a percent for S&P
futures. [music]
You weren't seeing much else. Let's just
be honest. 10-year yields are continuing
to grind higher. This to me is actually
probably the space to watch given that
we saw this kind of two basis point
increase earlier uh yesterday around
this time. And as the session grew
older, you saw that sell-off continue to
mount with a [music] seven basis point
increase in yields. Priced down today
410 on that 10-year uh Treasury yield.
Two hours away from the cash open. Here
are your morning movers with Yhierra
Anna and Jihara.
>> Hi Lisa. We start with Credto
Technology. That stock is absolutely
soaring up nearly 18% [music]
in the pre-market on what the CEO is
calling its best quarter ever. That's
because revenue jumped more than 270%
yearonear. And analysts say that [music]
was thanks to strong demand from
Microsoft, Meta, and Amazon. And you ask
what the company does? as well. It's a
key part of the data center ecosystem,
providing the technology that [music]
connects servers. Meanwhile, Instacart
not having the same luck. Shares are
down nearly 3% [music]
in the pre-market on worries that
Amazon's new ultraast delivery service
could cut into market share. The
e-commerce giant [music] is already
hiring drivers and opening new hubs as
it prepares to launch a grocery service
that can [music] deliver your groceries
in 30 minutes or less, which is the same
proposition that Instacart gives its
customers. And we end on Bayer. Those
shares over in Germany surging [music]
more than 12% in the pre-market after
the Trump administration stepped in with
the solicitor general urging the Supreme
Court to take up its appeal in [music]
thousands of Roundup cancer lawsuits.
Analysts say that any ruling could be a
win for Bayer, potentially shutting down
future Roundup lawsuits and [music]
potentially lowering the costs of
ongoing settlements. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Yhira. And Jim Zelter
was right. I said that I didn't know
what Credo was. And he said, "You
probably look at it and it's probably a
$30 billion market cap." And guess what?
It's a $30 billion market cap company
that we've never heard of, which is I
guess the story for this year. Right.
Exactly. All these companies, it also
feels like they're coming out of
nowhere. But actually, maybe if you
know, you know, and
>> obviously I don't. On our radar this
morning, US special envoy Steve Woodoff
meeting with Russian leader Vladimir
Putin in Moscow today in an effort to
end the war in Ukraine. US and Ukrainian
negotiators holding productive
discussions on a peace deal, but with no
final breakthrough. Meanwhile, the US
Commerce Department agreeing to invest
as much as $150 million in Xlite, a chip
technology startup. It's a part of an
effort to create more domestic chipm
capabilities and help Xite construct a
laser prototype and builds on this idea,
Emory, that there is this sort of equity
infusion coming from the US government
and a key uh number of potential
companies. Yeah. State capitalism in a
way when it comes to what they view as
national security concerns. They think
that potentially this startup has the
capability in the future to rival the
likes of ASML. And what's interesting is
the former Intel CEO and Intel of course
is another company that this
administration took an equity stake of
Pat Gellzinger well he is part of this
he is part of the chair of this company
so it has to do all with this chip space
and I think it just foreshadows more
deals like this are to come they are
going to find more of these companies to
get involved in.
>> Have we actually seen the outlines of
what the sovereign wealth fund is that
essentially is taking place in real
time? No, because they say that's not
what this is about, but it sort of is
what this is about. You just wonder how
does it sort of have an accounting
balance sheet? How do we see what it is?
Do we have an understanding? Anyway,
OpenAI CEO Sam Alman reportedly
declaring a code red effort to improve
the quality of chat GPT multiple
outlets. Reporting Altman wants to
improve the chatbot's personalization
features, speed, and reliability. The
code red effort will delay other
products, but want to stick on tech for
a minute because investors are focusing
on the global market transformation with
the extraordinary speed and scale of the
AI expansion continuing. Black Rockck
remaining pro- risk in its 2026 global
outlook, noting capital spending
ambitions tied to the AI buildout are so
large that micro is macro. I love that.
We Lee of Black Rockck joins us now for
more. Micro is macro because the AI
story is the macro story that we're
talking about and credo which I had
never heard of until this morning is
actually center to a lot of the data
center connectivity. So how are you
seeing the transformation of this AI
story in 2026 and how to play it amid a
really competitive landscape?
>> It is uh very complex. So our outlook is
titled pushing limits and it is about
making sense of large numbers. what do
you need to believe to justify the
spending of this amount of dollars going
into AI build out and also how to think
about investing when transformations of
these scales are happening around us and
there is no such a thing as neutral
stance anymore. So if we look at the
large numbers of uh capex forecast,
credible forecast takes us to $8
trillion uh by the end of this decade.
The current forecast for big tech
companies in terms of incremental
revenue do not justify this amount of uh
spending yet. But the potential of AI
goes beyond existing business lines. So
we're talking about AI application in
non- tech sectors. So there is a path
for us to get to a place where this
spend can be justified. You got to
believe that we can break out of the
historical growth trend of close to 2%.
It has never happened before but it is
now possible. But also we need to
believe that tech companies get to keep
and potentially increase their revenue
share which is possible too given
compute centrality. So we're talking
about unprecedented spend at this
moment. We got to believe um in
unprecedented things happening to
justify but it is possible to to see
that happening because of the
accelerating pace of uh innovation that
AI brings but which is why we stay risk
heading into next year but signposting
is very very important.
>> Well, I just uh think about risk on
meaning one thing in 2025 and possibly
meaning something else in 2026. Does it
mean staying with the winners so far or
does it mean betting on the possible
growth in other areas with a sort of
broadening out in the ecosystem the
adopters not just the generators of some
of this new technology?
>> I think concentration first diffusion
later we're still in the buildout phase
of AI. If you look at the latest round
of kind of tech correction and broader
market nervousness, by the way, I'm very
happy to be releasing the outlook today
instead of yesterday. But there is
already greater differentiation among
kind of the tech performances. You have
uh companies like Alphabet that actually
holding up well because of the TPU talk
because of the model. You have companies
like Oracle coming a bit more under a
bit more pressure because of negative
free uh cash flow as well as greater
indebtedness. So greater differentiation
is likely here to stay and we do believe
concentration as we figure out how the
revenue generated in the future are
going to be split is is important.
>> How do you identify new winners when it
comes to AI?
>> Um that that's a great question. So as I
think about uh signposting for
navigating the AI trade, we have to look
at the uh um financing gap of companies.
We have to look at free cash flow and
revenue of companies to understand if
these big tech companies are still
believing in each other and spending in
each other. I'm talking about circular
spending in terms of chips and data
centers. But also we need to understand
if there is because at the end of the
day it comes down to external demand. Is
this spending generating external
demand? Are consumers buying and paying
for AI services? Are new companies also
paying for tokens? So we need to see all
of this happening to kind of see the
momentum going. And then the last thing
I would say in terms of identifying new
winners of AI is to look at the profile
of revenue. Um because existing business
lines may not justify this huge amount
of spending anymore. We want to see new
revenue streams being um created. So
we're talking about the intersection the
coming together with tech of tech and
other sectors for example
pharmaceuticals. And then we have to
understand when new revenues are being
created who the winners are going to be
because right now it's still highly
uncertain. Is it going to be the
provider of compute and models or is it
going to be the provider of IP and data
and I think that is still kind of out.
>> In your research you also talk about the
next phase being about energy and
solving for bottlenecks. Is that a 2026
story or is that actually more 2027
2028? I think is a a a present story and
it is a present story that goes into the
future. So we actually frame the
constraints uh facing AI buildout along
the dimension of energy and physical and
financing constraint and political
constraint. So the energy constraint is
already uh is already happening uh now
and ultimately the assessment of this
constraints together with the
profitability of what of what is spent
is going to determine if these companies
are going to stick to their to their
commitment or if they may want to dial
back a little bit. Jim Zeltter was on
earlier this morning and he was talking
about how going forward there seems to
be a disagreement between the bond and
stock market where people in the stock
market are expecting an acceleration in
corporate profits. They're expecting a
reaceleration in the global economy and
the bond market is looking for Fed rate
cuts and just sort of disinflationary
environment. Do you see one as being
right and one as being wrong in the idea
of either a reaceleration with inflation
or potentially a less robust backdrop
with that disinflationary backdrop that
people have been looking for?
>> I think it has been a while that stock
market and bond markets may not be
telling the same story. So the
disconnect between between the two is
not highly unusual. I would also say
that as we think about next year, we do
like equities. We do like US equities in
particular. We think earnings would
continue to carry equity momentum
forward and we also are bringing down
our conviction to longduration
treasuries to now underweight because we
do think that even though the macro
environment may support the Fed to keep
cutting, considerations for fiscal uh uh
trajectory will ultimately come to bind
over the horizon of 12 months. which is
why we expect term premier to push
higher and we are underweight long
duration treasuries we prefer to click
the the income and coupon on the front
and the value of the curve and for the
same reason we are we we have been
underweight JGB Japanese government
bonds and and we go even more
underweight because of the fiscal
dynamics
>> and what we saw over the past couple of
trading sessions I'm just wondering
whether you're underweight US assets as
well whether you see the US still being
the bastion of growth particularly when
it comes to this AI trade or if you see
it migrating elsewhere especially as
more focused turns to places like China.
>> Well, we have the overweight in US
equities and we certainly expect because
of the the key theme of micro becoming
macro actually AI capex spent supporting
US growth. It's it's already kind of its
contribution to US growth is at three
times the historical level. So it's
tracking this year already at elevated
levels. We expect that to continue even
if labor market cools down. So, so, so
micro supporting macro is something that
we expect to happen and continue for
next year. But there is room to broaden
out. And here I'm specifically talking
about kind of even markets like Europe
that doesn't have as much concentration
in technology as the US. But if you look
at financial as a sector, they are
actually ripe for uh disruption from
greater integration of AI. And our
investors are quite excited about that
opportunities as well. We've been over
overweight European financials and we
stay overweight European financials.
>> Way wonderful to see you. Thank you so
much for being with us as you put out
the outlook on today not yesterday of
Black Rockck with us right now. Let's
get you an update on stories else for
this morning. Here's your blimp brief
with Yahira Anihara.
>> Hi Lisa. White House special envoy Steve
Wickoff is in Moscow today. He's meeting
with Russian President [music] Vladimir
Putin to discuss the latest proposal to
end the war with Ukraine. Ahead of the
meeting, Putin said Russian troops took
over the city [music] of PC Pakovsk in
Ukraine's eastern Donetsk region, but
Ukraine's military spokesman denied the
claim. Meanwhile, shares of Warner
Brothers Discovery are rising in the
pre-market, up about 1% after Netflix
made a mostly cash [music] offer for the
company in a new round of bids. sources
telling us here at Bloomberg the offers
are binding, which means the board can
sign off on a deal quickly if its goals
are met. Warner Brothers put itself up
for sale back in October after receiving
[music]
multiple unsolicited offers for all or
part of the company. And week 13 of the
NFL season wrapped up with the New
England Patriots taking down the New
York Giants 33-15,
securing their 10th straight win and
becoming the first team to reach [music]
11 victories this season. Meanwhile, the
struggling Giants are now on a sevengame
losing streak, officially falling behind
the Jets in the standings, who secured
their [music] third win of the year this
past week. That member brief Lisa,
>> thank you so much, Yahara. Up next,
defending the Department of War.
President Trump and Secretary Hegv have
made it clear that presidentially
designated narot terrorist groups are
subject to lethal targeting in
accordance with the laws of war. Nor
Christian of JP Morgan Private Bank
joining us next for the implications uh
for the Latin American region. This is
Bloomberg surveillance.
[music]
>> [music]
>> A lift to markets ahead of the open
after a pretty rocky start yesterday is
what we saw in futures are lifting
pretty much across the board though
backing away from some of the earlier
highs up [music] now just 210 of a
percent on the S&P up 310 on the NASDAQ.
You are seeing yields continue to
inflect [music] higher. Watch this space
up three basis points now 411 on the
10-year yields. Way Lee of Black [music]
Rockck on just moments ago saying that
they are now underweight. The long-term
Treasury because of concerns around the
fiscal backdrop under surveillance this
morning defending [music] the Department
of War. President Trump and Secretary
Hegsth have made it clear that
presidentially designated narot
terrorist groups are subject to lethal
targeting in accordance with the laws of
war. If naroterrorists again are
trafficking illegal drugs towards the
United States, uh he has the authority
to kill them. Here's the latest. The
White House defending the Pentagon's
handling of a September attack on an
alleged drug running boat amid
escalating tensions between the US and
Venezuela. Emory, I'm trying to
understand the importance of the cabinet
meeting that we have later today given
some of the concerns that are swirling
around this particular episode. Well,
buckle up and if you're a reporter, wear
comfortable shoes cuz I was in the last
one. It was more than 3 hours long,
longest cabinet meeting, I think, ever
in history. But clearly, the president
is going to get asked questions about
this. Defense Secretary Pete Hith should
be there and give a report and he might
likely be asked questions about this.
The issue comes down to, and I think
it's a distinction without a cause.
They're trying to say, well, this was in
the rights of the Navy admiral. But the
issue is comes down to at the end of the
day, did Pete Hegth order this?
Basically saying everyone should be
killed according to the Washington Post.
The White House is denying that. But you
have Republicans and Democrats on
Capitol Hill that want an investigation
into this and they're going to be
looking into this, which is why it's
making it incredibly complicated right
now for the White House as they continue
to back the defense secretary.
>> Well, this is exactly the point, the
splintering in the Republican party. How
much is there some sort of consensus or
is this really highlighting some of the
gaps that are growing within the
Republican caucus?
>> Well, I think at the end of the day, a
lot of senators feel like they have a
duty also as well to their their
committees and they want to potentially
get to the bottom of it. You have some
of them saying they're also going to be
looking into the Navy admiral to
understand from his point of view what
the directive was and why he ordered
that second strike. potentially because
you have these individuals wanting to
have this investigation, it will
fracture relationships with the Oval
Office.
>> This also highlights how much the US is
placing uh greater import on Latin
America. And really the question is why
why now and how well are they doing in
terms of trying to increase influence
after years of China really increasing
their presence. Nor Cristiani of JP
Morgan Private Bank writing, "In a time
of increasing global fragmentation,
South America is well positioned to
benefit from the evolving landscape of
international economic alliances." Norah
joins us now. Norah, thank you so much
for being here. Wonderful to see you
again. I want to start with that
question. Why and why now is the US
going so aggressively into Latin
America? Why is this such an important
region? I think that from the very
beginning uh of the new administration
of the recent the current administration
in the US we have seen a strategic
prioritization of the relationship with
Latin America but a bit of a twist from
the traditional Monroe doctrine America
for the Americans it's more about the
transactional nature of the economic
benefits that the US can reap out of the
relationship that it establishes or
exists with exist with with countries in
Latin America. particularly I think of
importance is the issue of of South
America. It's common perception that the
US tends to be the biggest trade partner
or the most important economic partner
for the region whereas in recent years
and you pointed it out really nicely. Uh
China has taken a much larger role
especially for South America. In fact, I
would venture even in saying that the
majority if not all of the countries in
South America their largest trading and
economic partner is China. And a clear
example of that is the recent
investments that we saw on Peru for
example the port of Chiankai 3.5 billion
fully funded by the Chinese by by
Chinese investors. So the presence of
China in Latin America particularly in
South America in a juncture in which
we're seeing that the world and
especially the US wants what Latin
America has to offer natural resources
benign demographics geographical
proximity. All of that places Latin
America in a really good spot at the
moment from a bargaining position.
>> Are Latin American investors happy about
the US trying to take a bigger role
potentially in the region?
The way that I would spin that question
is that local investors or business the
business community in Latin America is
very much looking forward to a regime
change to regime changes I would say
across the region and that when when you
when you said at the beginning why now
it's not just the why right I think the
why is very well known the abundance of
natural resources and we've talked about
that at length it's the why now the key
question that we need to be asking
ourselves. And the reason why we are so
positive in Latin America and
particularly South America, which we
highlight in our outlook for 2026, is
precisely due to two reasons. One is the
possibility of the political pendulum
swinging from years of left-leaning
administrations that were very focused
on social spending, sacrificing fiscal
deficits in in proir benefit towards
possibly a more center uh center regimes
that instead of prioritizing spending
they start prioritizing investments.
Right? So that's number one. And number
two is the AI revolution and the setup
that we have globally make what Latin
America has to offer even more valuable.
So I think that when you ask me the
question, are business people happy
about the incursions that we're seeing
or the participation the the actions
that the US is undertaking for all of
Latin America or throughout Latin
America. I would say that it's most more
likely that they are more constructive
on the possibility that now they're the
regions are going to be finally able to
monetize the competitive advantages that
the region has voted for so long.
>> But do they need to choose between
Washington and Beijing?
>> Not necessarily. And I think a clear
example of that was what happened with
Brazil when the administration backed
liberation day. You must remember very
well uh came out with uh with tariffs
and then a few months later 50% tariffs
on on all Brazilian goods. Uh the
administration in in Brazil turned
around and said well in reality our
biggest trading partner is China. So
there's a little bit more bargaining
there between the two. So I think that
there is a point in which Latin American
governments and countries, economies in
general, they don't necessarily have to
choose. They can they can interact with
both and leaning in on their own uh best
benefit rather than just uh yielding
everything to a single partner. Not to
get into politics, but to circle back
what we started when it comes to
Venezuela. I think of Chevron being like
the only US company left there. Could
you see a world in which it could be a
place to invest again? Latin America,
Venezuela.
There's
all the benefits that we discussed for
Latin America in general are also
present in Venezuela. Venezuela for
example is the largest with the country
with the largest oil reserves in the
world. It's one of the largest producing
countries oil producing countries in the
world. So there's definitely
opportunities there that that can be
garnered once there's uh greater
appetite and more uh a greater
perception of higher IRRs for projects
developed in the region for sure not
just Venezuela the entire region could
benefit from the same from the same
environment.
>> Nor Cristiani thank you so much for
taking the time today always wonderful
to speak with you Norrist Christian of
JP Morgan Private Bank. Uh this really
is key question right which is in other
words how do investors follow some of
these geopolitical uh crosswinds and
frankly a clear effort on the part of
Washington DC to put a more significant
stamp on Latin America at a time where
there are a lot of asterisks around
exactly doing that and when you look at
Latin America what the administration is
trying to do is so many pillars at one
time they want to go after what they
would call narot terrorists in some of
these countries when it comes to drug
inflow into the United States they want
to push China out and they want to go
after the natural resources because they
need them if they want to diversify
against the rare earths and the raw
materials that come out of China.
>> Everything everywhere all at once. Isn't
that the strategy? Is that what you were
talking about? Which we've seen
throughout the morning. Uh coming up in
the next hour, Katie Kaminsky of Alpha
[music] Simplex Group, National Retail
Federation President Matt Sheay. Cyber
Monday was yesterday. We'll get a read
on exactly what happened there. Lindseay
PZA of Steifil and Tom Nion of RBC. as
we do get some auto sales reports coming
out throughout the morning from New
York. [music] This is Bloomberg
Surveillance. Good morning.
>> AI [music] is a bubble. We're starting
to see that cash flow headroom coming
down.
>> It's still going to drive markets. There
is a fair amount of capital on the
sidelines.
>> The theme is the same theme going into
the internet boom. If you're not
exposed, you're really going to miss
out.
>> I still think there's a lot more buying
opportunities [music] uh and money to go
into the equity markets here.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance as we do see a bit of a
reprieve from yesterday's riskoff feel.
Seeing that lift across the board in
benchmark futures, [music] seeing about
a 210 of a percent gain for the S&P 500.
Meanwhile, in the bond space, this
really is catching a lot of our
attention. Yeah, [music] the the 10-year
yields are continuing to climb after
yesterday seeing the biggest one-day pop
going back about a month now, firmly
over that 410 mark, almost 411. And a
real question as we head into year end
about just how much the AI story is
transforming [music] with chat GPT
founder uh Sam Alman in his OpenAI
talking about code red heading forward
based on increasing competition, Amory,
[music] from Gemini.
>> Exactly. And they're right at the moment
they're committed to hundreds of
billions of dollars when it comes to the
buildout. So this is potentially could
be viewed as a cause for concern. The
market seems to be [music] shrugging it
off today. They're not really focused on
this specifically. But when you have
this idea of you're concerned about an
AI bubble, now you are [music] seeing a
serious arms race and concerned when it
comes to [music] open AI. It's no longer
the vibes are not right. We need to work
harder. A memo we saw recently. This
memo is code red. Stop everything. We're
not going to focus on all this other
stuff potentially with building out when
it comes to advertisement. We need to
focus on the product [music] at hand.
And this is exactly what Google went
through. But to Cameron Dawson's point,
maybe the market likes seeing this. They
want to see that competition [music] and
that fight within these companies.
>> Well, why Lee was talking about
remaining nimble in the new AI dominance
that we see in 2026. [music] And it
really this does seem to be what a lot
of people are talking about remaining
nimble when it comes to policies that
have highlighted that have been so
profoundly different than what people
expected. And I [music] think about for
example earlier this year just switching
topics to the fiscal backdrop. How much
people are talking about tariffs [music]
as being a headwind potentially to
growth. Now there is a question about
how much the [music] potential removal
of tariffs could be a headwind to the
fiscal backdrop for the United States.
And part of the [music] catalyst to the
sell-off that we saw in Treasuries
yesterday, as Cameron Dawson of New Edge
was saying earlier this morning,
>> well, potentially. And the idea that
Costco is lining up to make sure they
have their suit on file to say that they
do think [music] that AIPA is unlawful
so that potentially they can make sure
they get the reverse reimbursements if
it happens shows signs of companies are
starting to really pay attention to
[music] this. The bottom line though,
how I always viewed viewed AIPA is it's
basically mute. If AIBA gets struck
down, it'll take a lot longer. But there
are a number of legal avenues [music]
the administration has at their disposal
to enact tariffs. It's just going to
take a lot longer.
>> Well, this is the reason why people are
watching what [music] happens at that
Supreme Court case. In the meantime,
we're not talking about non-farm
payrolls because we're not getting
non-farm payrolls on Friday. What we are
getting is ISM services coming out
tomorrow after we get some uh corewave
earnings later today and a an
announcement from President Trump as
there is this real focus on
affordability. We also get ADP data
tomorrow, jobless claims Thursday.
[music] And then we get core PCE on
Friday. Yay, data. Of course, it is
September, so it is dated data and it
really does go [music] to the last clean
read as Andrew Hollen Horse over at
Cityroup was saying on inflation. Coming
up this hour, Katie Kaminsky of Alpha
Simplex [music] Group with stocks trying
to find their footing after a rocky
start to the month. Matt Sheay of
National Retail Federation breaking down
Cyber Monday sales and Lindseay PZA of
Stifel warning that further Fed policy
easing could fuel pricing pressures. We
begin this hour with stocks edging
higher following a weak start to the
trading month. Katie Kaminsky of Alpha
Simplex Group writing rate cut optimism
has boosted small cap and midcap stocks
more than AI and big tech. Overall
investor sentiment has stabilized but
fears still remain for overvaluation.
Katie joins us now. Now Kadia, I wanted
to start with your understanding of what
actually has been happening in markets
over the past couple of trading
sessions. It seems like there is an
increasing breakdown in risk led by
Bitcoin, maybe a bit of a stabilization,
but from a technical standpoint, what do
you see? Uh this is a good point because
what we have seen, you've definitely
seen a breakdown in some of the recent
trends. There has been a shift in
sentiment overall and you're starting to
see some deterioration in some of the
key themes. Um, of course, gold being
something that has been selling off
today and it is also surprising that
you're also seeing yields higher when
rate cut optimism should be a positive
for them. So, I think that just
highlights the amount of uncertainty and
the potential for riskoff sentiment when
people are concerned about high
valuations. One thing that really I was
looking forward to speaking with you
Katie because when you're following
trends sometimes you can find the pivot
points and understand there is something
different here. We're not going to see
maybe the meltup rally that we typically
do in December heading into year end.
Are you sensing that there is some sort
of pivot going on under the hood in
markets?
Well, this is a very good point because
technically December is generally one of
the better months for equity markets.
there tends to be a lot of positive
sentiment but I think in the backdrop of
some tepid economic information some
weaker labor data people are getting a
little more nervous so there is some
indication at least with some of the
price reversals that we've seen I think
some of these other asset classes like
Bitcoin even now gold selling off some
suggests that there is chance for some
deterioration in equity markets
>> Katie is it Japan ISM the waiting on IPA
or does the market just basically
looking for an excuse to hold pat at the
moment, especially when there's a number
of questions still going into year end,
most notably the Fed next week. Th
>> this is a good point because there's not
a lot of data to hang on to. There's
definitely mixed data and I think with
concerns of overvaluation and just how
exposed many investors are to these
themes, there is some clear uncertainty
there. But what's interesting to me is
you see like small cap has been doing a
lot better for example than big tech. Um
and that's just a little bit of a
reversal from what we've seen typically
this year. Um so you're just seeing a
little bit of pivoting, a little bit of
changing direction which suggests that
we might be in for a change in trend
moves at some point.
>> Lisa pointed out that the PCE data we're
going to get on Friday is very stale.
This is from September. So, when you
look at the data coming out, what do you
want to hang your hat on?
>> H, that's a good question. I mean,
obviously, we'll start to get more data
next week. Um, I'd say that there's not
a lot for investors to hang on to at
this point, and it really is sort of the
end of the year, which is tends to be a
very positive environment. So, I think
they're focused much more on sort of
following the narrative for rate cuts
for next week. That seems to be the only
major thing to follow. and see what's
going on. But you're correct. There's
not a lot of very pivotal data that's
going to help us figure out what's
really going on.
>> Well, this goes back to something you
were saying earlier. If you're following
rate cuts, why are yields rising?
>> Exactly. I mean, I would guess that
that's probably a reaction to what is
going on in Japan. Uh clearly we saw um
the potential for hikes there causing
Treasury yields to move upwards. Besides
that, I mean, it it is slightly
counterintuitive for yields to be rising
going into a potential for rate cut, but
this just may have to do with some of
the uncertainty. I know that there's
been a lot of discussion about
disagreement within the Fed, so that may
be causing a little bit of jitters in
the bond markets.
>> Yesterday, we did see 10-year and
two-year Japanese uh bond yields reached
the highest levels that we've seen going
back to 2008. The expectation was that
you were going to see a rate hike at the
next Bank of Japan meeting. That said,
earlier in the morning, it wasn't when
we saw the yields creep higher. It was
after the ISM manufacturing data and
then, as Cameron Dawson was pointing
out, it was after the story about Costco
potentially uh actually laying the
groundwork to reclaim some of the
revenue, some of the tariffs that they
paid over the course of this year in the
case of a Supreme Court ruling. Which of
these narratives makes the most sense to
you? Or do you think that there's
something else entirely?
Well, this is a I mean really it's very
tricky, right? Because you have market
moves that seem counterintuitive to
general macroeconomic themes such as the
Fed rate cuts. Then you have, you know,
Japan which is moving in a different
direction. And as you you just pointed
out, you're also seeing some weakness in
labor data and manufacturing which
paints a more concerning picture about
the general US economy. And especially
if you're thinking about long-term
bonds, you know, there may be some
questions of whether or not rates can
stay low for long if the, you know, if
we sort of don't know what's going on
next. So, you're right. It's it's very
tricky right now.
>> When you start thinking about the Fed
meeting next week, the market is baking
in this idea of another interest rate
cut, but you're talking about maybe some
disagreement at the Federal Reserve. Do
you think there's a potential that they
stay patent on pause?
Uh right now the market is not thinking
that but given the level of
disagreement, the level of uncertainty
and the wide range of potential
outcomes, um I think we haven't had this
level of disagreement in the Fed for
almost 13 years or longer. So just given
that sort of range of outcomes, there's
always a probability you're going to
have more more disagreement or more
disappointment than if you have a lot of
consensus on the Fed.
>> If the Fed does pause and does not cut
interest rates, will there be a Santa
rally as Lisa started the program off
this morning?
>> Oh, that's a good question. I mean that
could definitely put a pause on a Santa
rally because you look at how small cap
US stocks have really reacted. There's
clearly that would be a headwind for
many equity investors. Um and I do think
that could be you know a potential
negative for equity markets should they
not deliver as people expect. Katie
Kaminsky of Alpha Simplex, thank you so
much for being with us this morning. Uh
Katie there talking about the Santa
rally. You mentioned this heading into
year end and I you know look the Fed's
going to cut rates. That's the 95%
chance at least baked into Fed funds
futures. If it is a hawkish cut I know
that we're going to be getting into
this. What does that signal to markets
at a time when that really is maybe the
only thing that people could hang their
hat on based on the der of other
economic data points to really go on?
And then how awkward will it be for the
Fed depending on what they do and what
the jobs number comes out with the week
after. This is why for some people it is
just still unbelievable that they just
didn't move the Fed meeting until after
they got some the data.
>> Some people being Emry Herd who is
lobbying hard to get it to me moved the
day after we get that data. Keep trying.
I think a lot of people would agree with
you.
>> Just makes sense.
>> It does make sense, but they're not
going to do it right now. Let's get to
an update on stories also this morning.
Here's your Bloomberg brief with Yahira
on it. Yhira.
>> Hi Lisa. Dell founder and CEO Michael
Dell and his wife Susan are donating
over $6 billion to the Invest [music]
America Initiative, also known as Trump
Accounts. The unprecedented gift will
give [music]
25 million American children aged 10 and
under $250 each to start an investment
account. Dell [music] saying the goal is
to build hope and opportunity for the
next generation.
Meanwhile, shares of Warner Brothers
Discovery are rising 1.3% in the
pre-market after Netflix [music] made a
mostly cash offer for the company in a
new round of bids. Sources telling us
here at Bloomberg the offers are
binding, which means the board can sign
off on a deal quickly if the goals are
met. Warner Brothers put itself up for
sale back in October after receiving
multiple unsolicited offers for all or
part [music] of the company. And big
short investor Michael Bur is betting
against Tesla. Fortune reporting that
Bur known for betting against the
housing market [music] during the 2008
financial crisis says Tesla is
ridiculously overvalued. He is also
warning that founder Elon Musk proposed
$1 trillion pay package would worsen
[music]
shareholder dilution. That's brief.
Lisa, thank you so much. I thought it
was amazing. He actually [music]
calculated the dilution saying it was
3.6% of dilution in the shares. It does
seem like people are [music] kind of
betting against the wind though when
they're trying to uh short some of these
big tech names. Oh, absolutely. I mean,
in Tesla, what [music] shares have
gained more than 6% this year, even
though they've had a tremendous amount
of hurdles come down when it comes to a
[music] number of issues facing that
company, especially when it comes to
EVs, deliveries, what's going on in
Washington DC, change of [music] policy.
Um, they're still on a tear.
>> Yeah, we're going to get into the auto
story later this hour. Up next, the
morning calls, plus Matt Shay of
National Retail Federation breaking down
[music] Cyber Monday sales following
Black Friday sales. What's next? Happy
Tuesday sales. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
[music]
We are still seeing that investors are
sitting on the sidelines of this market
mostly in institutional investors and we
feel like a bit of a broken record and
saying that institutional investors are
just neutral because you still have
institutions sitting on the sideline.
[music] It means that short and shallow
dips are likely what we get. That was
Cameron Dawson of New Edge Wealth
earlier this morning as she was looking
ahead to the potential for people to
step in and buy. They are stepping in
and buying right now. You are seeing a
bit of a lift [music] across the board.
A reprieve from yesterday. Russell 2000
actually continuing to gain up 610 of a
percent in early trading. Leading the
pack even though what you see in the
bond space is an ongoing lift in
longerterm yields. This [music] upcoming
despite expectations for a Fed rate cut
next week. We do see almost 411 [music]
on the 10-year yield. Time now for the
morning calls. First up, Wells Fargo
raising its price target on Casey's
General Stores to $625,
saying the company looks quote poised
for a Q2 [music] beat and raise those
shares lower by about a quarter of a
percent. Next up, Truis upgrading Six
Flags to buy from hold, but cutting its
price target to $23 from 27, citing
[music] a new CEO and greater sense of
urgency. Six Flags up uh 4.2%
[music] in pre-trading activity. And
finally, Guggenheim Securities raising
its target at five below to $185,
maintaining [music] a buy rating, citing
meaningful intermediate term upside
potential for people who want to buy
gummies. 1.9% decline on those shares.
Doesn't that seem like what a Five Below
is? It's for kids who are in uh, you
know, [music] junior high school buying
gummy candy.
>> I'm not sure. I I don't think I've
actually been inside of one. So, we have
to do some market research.
>> Evidently, someone's got to give you
some uh some deals uh to potentially uh
get in the door. Sticking with retail,
the National Retail Federation
forecasting [music]
2025 holiday sales to exceed $1 trillion
for the first time. Joining us now, I'm
so pleased to say, is Matt Sheay, CEO
and president of the National Retail
Federation. Matt, thank you so much for
being with us. First, I just want to get
a sense of how much that $1 trillion
figure and how much some of the
increases that we've seen in sales
during this holiday shopping season have
really stemmed from just higher prices,
not necessarily a greater degree of
volume.
>> Well, good morning. Happy to be with you
today to talk about the big holiday
weekend uh on Cyber Tuesday now, but we
had a great weekend. We had tens of
millions of Americans out shopping.
We're going to be releasing uh the
results of the weekend on our holiday
call at 11:00 this morning, 11 Eastern.
Uh so I think what we saw was retailers
delivering real value to consumers and
while there have been some price
increases throughout the system through
this whole year, retailers have worked
very very hard to keep delivering value
for customers and to avoid passing on
any price increases. So, we're looking
at maybe 1% uh price increases on food.
And really, for the last couple of
years, we've been seeing on the good
side flat to down on inflation. So,
there's real growth there. With a 4%
forecast, our forecast 3.7 to 4.2%.
We'll see real growth this year. And I
think you saw some some great deals over
the weekend and saw some retailers that
were really winning with customers.
>> So, let's talk about this period of
discounting. It was uh Black Friday,
then it was Cyber Monday where actually
there are potentially steeper discounts
averaging 31% compared with 28% of Black
Friday. Now we're on to uh you know,
let's uh go tea totling Tuesday or
something. I mean, it seems like it's
just continuing in terms of the sales
and the promotions. Does that indicate
that retailers are looking to clear
their shelves? Does that indicate that
there just is a need to generate
eyeballs or is it just that they feel
like they want to give a sense of value
to their customers?
>> Well, I I think there are a couple of
things happening here. F first of all, I
think we begin with inventory levels and
inventory levels are in a very good
place on a historic basis. So, we're
about 1.13
which means we've got a little more than
a month's supply uh for for a month's
worth of sales. So, they're not holding
too much inventory. They've got the
right inventory in place. I think it's a
very competitive retail environment. Uh
consumers are under some pressure at the
lower end, but they're still out there
spending. And we're on track to have a
very good year overall, probably in the
4% range for the year. And what we're
seeing is consumers are being very
deliberate, very thoughtful, uh very
purposeful. They've got lots of
information uh at their fingertips.
They're really looking for the best
deals they can find, the best value, uh,
based on the things they need and want.
So, I I think what we see is a
competitive landscape. Inventory levels
in a good place. Margins are holding up
very well for retailers across the
board. And and the promotions we've seen
have been planned promotions. So,
there's there's, you know, this is all
part of a a planned roll out for the
holiday season. And I think thus thus
far, it's going really well. We're off
to a great start for the 5-day holiday
weekend here for Thanksgiving. Matt, to
Lisa's point though, may we call it
tardy transaction Tuesday. I am getting
non-stop emails this morning about how
Cyber Monday has been quote extended.
And to be honest, I actually took
advantage of them very early this
morning, something I forgot I wanted to
purchase. Are you saying that is all
planned and this basically just becomes
a discount week? Or does it actually
show that these retailers are really
desperate to try to get eyeballs and
individuals back on their sites?
Well, I think Amory, I think one thing
we've seen is the holiday season has
been extended over the last several
years and certainly since the pandemic,
we've seen consumers beginning their
shopping much much earlier than was
traditionally the case and we see
retailers delivering those deals all the
way back into the summer and throughout
the fall. So, what what we're seeing
now, I think, is a continuation of that.
They're going to continue to be uh day
by day, week by week, uh different kinds
of promotions, different kinds of
rollouts that are going to be designed
to attract consumer engagement
throughout the holiday season. And I
think that this has all been this is a
thoughtful series of deliberate sort of
promotions that are out there. Uh
they're planned, they're responding to
what consumers are looking for. And and
I think back to the competitive
landscape that we're operating in uh
we're not in the period where every
retailer is a winner. Uh and every
business is going to win the way we saw
in 2122
23 even. U this is an environment in
which it's much more competitive and so
retailers are trying to distinguish
themselves in the marketplace deliver
that real value. And value is I think
more complicated. It's not just price.
For some consumers value is price but it
can be quality. It can be selection. It
can be convenience when it comes to
fulfillment delivery. So, when consumers
say they're looking for value, they're
looking for something that makes them
feel they got what they paid for. And
that might be a great quality item. That
might be an item that gets delivered
more quickly than they could get it from
another competitor. So, I think there's
a whole series of things that we we use
when we say value, we're talking about a
series of different kinds of experiences
based on the consumer. And again, you
know, we'll talk more about this at 11
this morning, but we saw retailers
really delivering value through this
weekend. The numbers were good, traffic
was good online, in store. So, I think
we're off to a very healthy holiday
season.
>> Stepping away from the holiday season
for a moment, can you give us a sense of
how retailers are dealing with tariffs
and this potential of AIPA being struck
down? Are they talking about potentially
benefiting for the reimbursements that
might be needed to be paid back to them
if the Supreme Court deems that AIPA was
illegal?
>> Well, I think what what we've seen this
year and and again going back to the
pandemic, we've seen for the last 5
years this great period of disruption,
this period of uncertainty,
unpredictability,
uh even volatility uh across the market,
things that are outside the control of a
retail business or any business for that
matter. And and so I think as we look
forward, retailers again are focused on
the things they can control and what
they can control their relationship with
their partners, their suppliers. They
can be creative and thoughtful about the
way they're handling their sourcing,
their inventory, their importing, the
way they're communicating with
customers. Those are all things they can
control. uh what the court does or
doesn't do uh when it finally issues a
decision on the tariffs. I think that's
something that we can't control, our
members can't control, and we'll handle
that when we get to it. So, I don't
think anyone's counting on a result one
way or the other. It's what we're
looking for is certainty,
predictability, something that'll smooth
out the relationships in the supply
chain. And the court will make a
decision and and we'll certainly go from
there based on what the court decides.
Matt Shay of the National Retail
Federation. Thank you so much for being
with us. And I have to say, Emory, you
get a gold medal. Tardy transaction
Tuesday. That's absolutely brilliant.
>> It feels like it's for that person that
maybe did want to buy something and then
was just like, h I'll wait.
>> Yeah. And then they say to you, you
know, we see it in the cart. Maybe you
want to do this a little.
>> I'll be fair. They got me on on Tuesday.
>> Yeah. Well, I will say that uh the gummy
selection definitely uh on fire over at
Five Below. Thanksgiving transition
Tuesday, tinsel Tuesday, tipsy Tuesday.
I mean, we're really could go further on
this. I really think uh you have
something here.
>> It's becoming an entire week, but to
Matt's point, he says that this is all
deliberate. So, they understand that
consumers maybe are actually maybe for
fickle, maybe they're going to see how
much they decided to spend for the
holiday season on Friday and throughout
the weekend on Monday. So, then they
still continue those offers throughout
the week. But the f the fact that I
think they're still trying to find those
eyeballs and get you back to their
website says that things are not as rosy
[music] potentially as they seem and
they have to really fight for consumer
attention. Well, we'll carry that
conversation forward. Just how clean of
a read can we get on the consumer from
some of these retail earnings and
frankly from the other peripheral data
that we are getting. Coming up, Lindsey
Pig of Steel warning that further Fed
policy easing could fuel pricing
pressures. Plus, Danny Burgerer with
your morning movers. Warner Brothers
[music] Discovery rising after Netflix
offers cash.
[music]
I did not mean to sell Anarie on Five
Below, but here she is lost in an
absolute Well, I mean, if you have kids,
then [music] that's typically what
happens. I'm not selling them. I'm just
saying that this is sort of a good rainy
day activity. Right now, we're looking
at other rainy day activities because it
is a rainy day here in New York City for
the [music] Northeastern up 310 of a
percent. uh not necessarily so dire or
dismal in the future space. [music]
Higher across the board led by actually
the Russell 2000 futures up 610 of a
percent. NASDAQ up 4/10 of a percent in
the bond space. Curious to [music] see
that there is not the participation in
the rally. Yields up across the board.
10-year yields [music] 411 after
yesterday climbing seven basis points at
the long end. 30-year yields up just two
basis points. A bigger move in the belly
there and a real question about [music]
what is driving it. Is it a question of
potentially tariffs? Is it a question of
the Bank of Japan and in the currency
space pretty much uh quiet across the
board a little bit of maybe Euro [music]
strike but really flat. One hour away
from the cash open. Your morning mover
is here with Danny Burgerer. Danny,
>> hey Lisa. One of the stocks we're
[music] going to keep talking about this
morning is Warner Brothers Discovery.
Shares are up one and a half%. Reporting
suggests that we're looking at second
round [music] bids for the company. All
the players that were there are still
participating it. All eyes on Netflix
with offering a mostly cash bid. We also
are expecting something of a $30 bid. At
least that's what Warner Brothers
Discovery wants to see reportedly
[music] shares currently at $2422.
Elsewhere, Boeing seems to be perking up
this [music] morning. Some headlines
coming out of the UBS industrial
conference where their CFO was speaking
saying that Boeing's recovery is in full
mode. He did site [music] some weaker
sales or at least a little bit of a
lightness when it comes to November. But
looking ahead to 2026, shares up 3 and
12%. Finally ending things with a little
bit of sellside action. That [music] is
on Six Flags. Truis upgrading the stock
from a hold to a buy. It's been a
struggle for [music] Six Flags. They
have activist investors swirling around.
They put in a new CEO and according to
Truist [music]
that is the key for them. They say that
there's a new sense of urgency to get
rid of the parks that are
underperforming. Focus on [music] the
core. So again, those shares up more
than 4% this morning, Lisa.
>> Thank you so much, Danny. Meanwhile,
Amazon's AWS reinvent is uh 2025 is
underway in Las Vegas this week with the
tech giant unveiling product news and
announcements. Bloomberg's Eds Lello
joins us now. And Ed, it is really
interesting to be tracking this event at
a time where there's so many questions
around what the new innovation is going
to be for artificial intelligence, who
the leaders are going to be. What's your
sense of what some of these
announcements could look like? Yeah,
there's pressure on Amazon because AWS
is the number one in cloud, right? In
terms of scale, hosting, infrastructure,
but is it the number one in AI? That's
all that anyone really cares about. And
that's multifaceted. Is it number one in
terms of the models it offers? Is it
number one in terms of the performance
of its own chip? Um, and so far the
announcements that they have made, which
are few and far between, have focused on
the model that they've had out for a
year, which is their own. It's called
Nova. It's a foundation model. and the
agentic AI that's built on top of it.
You know, Amazon Web Services is a place
where there are loads of different tools
and the complaint from industry has been
no matter how price competitive it is,
it's quite confusing to use. And if you
look at what's coming from OpenAI,
Google in the form of Gemini, they're
just one-stop kind of shops. And so, you
know, when we get the keynote later this
morning, 11 a.m. Eastern, you expect
some fighting talk for Amazon to say,
"Actually, we've got to act together.
this is what you can do if you want to
build with AI on our on our cloud.
>> Ed, just a quick note here on Open AI
and this question of competition because
they also feel like they are somewhat
not behind but facing increased
competition from uh Alphabet's Gemini.
How much are you feeling like this is a
healthy phenomenon from the industry and
how much do you feel like this is
cannibalization where the strongest
hands are going to win?
>> Yeah, it's um it's certainly timely. You
know the reports that Sam Alman's called
code red and basically wants open AAI to
focus just on chat GPT highly relevant
to what's happening here right AWS has a
$ 38 billion deal with open AAI but
that's for NVIDIA chips that brings into
question if open AAI has overextended
itself on its capital commitments for
capacity um Amazon has historically been
a place where they host other people's
models but they want to sell their own
open AI wants a foothold on the
enterprise so it's looking to Amazon and
in the background you have Google and
Google's TPU the performance of its own
A6 chip Amazon very likely to talk about
their own in-house silicon but they
don't really have anyone to use it
beyond anthropic one single anchor
investment um you you use the word
cannibalization you know the question is
still not necessarily on bubble but
overextended and are these model labs
good for the money that they've
committed to the the hyperscalers who
themselves want to be leaders in the
field of foundation models and building
cool software on top of it. All fair
questions to ask throughout the course
of the day
>> and I'm sure that you'll be asking them.
Ed Ledllo there he is going to be
speaking with the CEO of AWS later today
I believe at 3:10 p.m. Eastern time AI
dominant in the US economy way of Black
Rockck talking about how the micro is
turning into macro.
There is no such a thing as neutral
stance anymore. So if we look at the
large numbers of uh capex forecast,
credible forecast takes us to eight
trillion dollars uh by the end of this
decade. The current forecast for big
tech companies in terms of incremental
revenue do not justify this amount of uh
spending yet increasingly the AI story
is becoming the economic story.
Bloomberg's Enda Curran joins us now.
Yesterday we saw a stagflationary ISM
manufacturing report which kind of flies
in the face of this huge outgrowth of
investment that so many people are
expecting from artificial intelligence.
At what point are you able to track or
are we sort of just sort of at the
behest of the AI developments especially
at a time when we don't have other
economic data?
>> Well, we know that AI is certainly
accounting for the bulk of GDP growth
this year, Lisa. It's certainly driving
activity as you point out in the broader
manufacturing sector remaining in the
doldrums that ISM indicator yesterday
showing nine months of contraction h
because of the uncertainty over trade
policy because of weak demand. So you
look around where is the activity coming
from and it is that AI buildout it is
the investment it is the the data center
story but in terms of how sustainable
that will be for the economy what legacy
of employment that will leave once the
construction phase is over and of course
what impact the AI boom is having on
productivity all of that is very
uncertain right now it's very hard to
measure it is boosting headline
aggregate data we know that but we also
hear a lot of stories just like your
previous guest making the point about uh
the retail story sounds like it's
booming, but of course plenty of
economists say that's concentrated in
terms of upper income households. So, so
yes, we're getting a good gloss on the
economy from AI story, but there's a lot
of uncertainty in terms of what's
happening in in the other pockets of of
the economy.
>> And what's your compass right now given
the fact that we don't get non-farm
payrolls, we don't get jolts, we don't
get a whole host of other uh key
indicators this week.
>> Well, it's hard to have a compass, Lisa.
I mean, we have ADP coming up tomorrow.
Consensus there maybe plus 5,000. That's
fairly tepid in itself. If that was to
be a negative number, would it just back
up the idea that the labor market is
weakening? And that's all the official
sector has to go on at the moment and
and Wall Street analysts have to go on
because we don't have that flow of of um
the BLS jobs are or the CPI data. That
said though, it does feel like we're at
a point where the Fed officials have
probably made up their mind. You're
either more worried about inflation and
that's where your focus is right now.
You've decided that the labor market is
what it is or you're more concerned
about the job story. And by all
accounts, the hints that we had heading
into the blackout week last at the end
of last week was it sounded like some of
those more prominent Fed officials were
more more worried about jobs and that's
why the markets of course are now
pricing for that Fed rate cut next week.
But you know without the data it's a
very it's going to be a very hard Fed
meeting to call
>> and thank you so much for being with us
as always. Sticking with the Fed ahead
of next week's meeting, Lindsay PGA of
Stifel clearly in the inflation camp of
worries, writing, "While inflation held
steady in September, the lack of
downward improvement from a still
elevated level raises concerns that any
further policy easing could risk an
acceleration of price pressures."
Lindsay joins us now. Lindsay, thank you
so much for being with us. I want to
start there. Why are you still concerned
about uh inflation worries being the
preeminent concern at a time when it
seems like the Fed has moved more to the
employment side of the equation? Well,
it does seem at least some Fed officials
have shifted their focus away from price
stability to full employment, but there
are still a number of Fed officials that
have come out to highlight the need to
remain focused on reinstating price
stability after years of allowing price
pressures to remain above that 2%
target. Now, we have made considerable
progress in terms of reigning in that
growth in the aftermath of the pandemic,
but we've never been able to get back to
that point of price stability. And now
with this lack of downward momentum, it
does suggest that the Fed might have
reached a a neutral position in policy
appropriate now to take a position a
sidelined position uh without further
rate cuts, without further risk of
inciting inflation. Particularly now,
there are a number of upside risks as we
look out to the end of the year and turn
the calendar page into 2026. So now is
not the time to entirely divert focus
away from achieving price stability.
>> Lindsay, do you think that the Fed has
enough information and data given what
happened with the government shutdown to
make a decision next week?
>> I I think the Fed has a good read on
what's happening in terms of the
underlying momentum in terms of cost
pressures. Again, we haven't seen
necessarily all of the data move to the
upside, but we haven't seen any
indications of a material downward
momentum in inflation. And as such, I do
think coupled with the fact the consumer
still remains on far from robust but
solid footing, the economy is on track
for a plus 3% growth pace. And we
continue to see, again, not robust, but
positive, solid job creation. I I think
the Fed should heir on the side of
caution, moving to the sideline,
allowing for a further understanding of
the evolution of both the price and the
labor data before making any additional
policy adjustments.
>> Lisa brought this up earlier if
potentially it's a hawkish cut, but what
you're describing is may maybe we have a
dovish pause next week. Is that correct?
>> Not necessarily a dovish pause. I think
we're looking for more of a neutral
pause. I think the Fed at this point is
pretty well divided between those that
have that lingering fear of price
pressures and those that are facing this
emerging concern of weakness on the
labor market market front. So I do think
the Fed could very clearly articulate a
neutral pause, push policy to the
sidelines, say we're not going to make
any unnecessary movements until we have
a better read on prices and the labor
market given there are risks to both
sides of the Fed's dual mandate.
Lindsay, when you say inflation
pressures are still in the system, there
is a real question of what those
inflation pressures look like. 3% a lot
of people say we can handle 4% not so
much. How much are you seeing an actual
unmoring of inflation expectations in a
way that feels unsustainable and unduly
punitive rather than 2.5% say or 2.8%.
>> Well, I think at the current read right
around 2 and a halfish% I think the Fed
would be willing to tolerate that longer
term. But my concern is these upside
pressures that are still coming down the
pipeline. Should we see a stronger
thanex expected growth profile at year
end or a stronger, more spendy consumer
as we now enter this key holiday
shopping season? Or turning the corner
into 2026 should businesses now begin to
pass through more of those cost
increases to the end consumer that were
previously absorbed into the bottom
line. Now that inventories have been
drawn down significantly, any one or a
combination of those factors could add
significant upward pressure to inflation
going forward. So it's not necessarily
where we sit right now, but the risk to
prices price pressures as we look out to
the remaining months of the remaining
weeks, excuse me, of the year and into
2026. Lindsay, just real quick here,
going forward, I'm curious how effective
you think monetary policy really is in
tackling some of the issues that are
preeminent, particularly when it comes
to the K-shaped economy and questions
around uh just how much wages are not
keeping pace at the lower end.
>> Well, wages still are relatively
positive. we see about this 4%ish, but
you're right, a lot of that growth has
been isolated to the upper end of the
income spectrum sp fueling a lot of the
the activity on the retail side in the
upper echelon. Um, and so we don't see
necessarily this broadbased expenditure
when we talk about the consumer being
solid. We do have to be somewhat careful
painting with a broad brush because a
lot of that momentum has come from this
underlying increase in asset valuations
fueling trillions, tens of trillions of
dollars in wealth. But again, that's
very much isolated to the middle or the
upper end of the income spectrum as
we're talking about property ownership
participation in the equity market which
those at the lower end statistically
speaking are less likely to own property
or have a stake in the equity market. So
we do see again not necessarily the
Fed's ability to completely ameilate
this K-shaped recovery, but there is a
role of monetary policy, but a delicate
one. We have to make sure that we're
attentive to both that labor market and
the price data components of that
recovery. Lindsay PvE, thank you so much
for being with us this morning. Right
now, let's get you an update on the
stories elsewhere this morning. Here is
your Bloomberg brief with the Anna
Dhira.
>> Hi Lisa. Cloud computing provider
Vulture is making a major bet on
affordable AI infrastructure. The
AMDbacked company announcing plans to
spend more than a billion dollars
building a massive chip [music] cluster
in Springfield, Ohio. The facility will
use AMD's advanced AI processors to
offer computing power [music] at
significantly lower rates than major
tech giants. Meanwhile, the US Commerce
Department agreeing to invest as much as
$150 million in Xlite, a chip [music]
technology startup. It's part of an
effort to create more domestic
chipmaking capabilities and help Xite
construct a laser prototype. Xlite's
executive chairman Pat [music]
Gellzinger, yes, formerly Intel CEO,
saying it is a quote once in a
generation [music] opportunity.
And the Northeast is preparing for its
first major snowstorm of the season. In
some parts of northern New England could
see as [music] much as 10 in of snow.
The storm could also drop up to 4 ines
of snow in Chicago where a record 8.4
[music] in fell at O'Hare International
Airport on Saturday. Gutenberg briefed.
Lisa, thank you so much, Yahara. And I
feel for any travelers who are uh
sitting in limbo as a result of those
snowstorms. Up next, setting you up for
the day ahead. Plus, [music] Tom Nion of
RBC Capital Markets is Michael Bur is
betting against Elon Musk and Tesla. And
as we do get some auto numbers
throughout the day today. [music] This
is Blooper Surveillance.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Coming into the second day of December
with a little bit better tone than we
saw yesterday. Certainly a lift uh at
the S&P up about 310 of a percent now.
Interesting to see the yield climb on
the 10-year. This is very much a focus
especially after the Bank of Japan
decision or likely decision [music] to
hike rates as uh we heard the signal
yesterday. A real question of the
carryover with 411 almost [music] on the
10-year in the United States. Counting
down to the opening bell, here's a
trading diary for the week ahead. This
morning, US envoy Steve Whit meeting
with Russian President Vladimir Putin in
Moscow. At 11:30 a.m. Eastern, President
Trump hosting a cabinet meeting 2 p.m.
Eastern. [music]
The president set to make an
announcement. And after the closing
bell, we do get earnings from
CrowdStrike. [music]
On Wednesday, tomorrow, we get ISM
services. On Friday, we get core PCE
data. Sounds exciting. It's from
September. Don't get too excited.
Counting down to the opening bell.
Investor Michael Bur making another big
call against the market. The big short
investor calling Tesla shares
ridiculously overvalued. Tom Nion covers
Tesla and other automakers for RBC and
joins us now. Tom, great to see you.
Thank you for being with us. We can
start with Tesla, but I would love to
talk about how representative it is of
the larger auto space and how difficult
it is to be to get a handle on exactly
the supply demand dynamics at a time of
post-pandemic transition and post-tariff
realization.
>> Yeah. And I think what you're noticing
more and more is the strength underlying
the US economy um especially at the top
end and maybe at the middle is
manifesting itself with auto sales which
have actually been stronger than what a
lot of people expected. We did our own
work to actually show that there's about
a six to 7 million vehicle deficit of
cars that were never purchased uh
because of the pandemic. And you know in
the US in in a lot of states you have to
have a car. Um it's as simple as that.
How do you get to work? And if you can
afford the car, you will buy it. And so
you know at the beginning of the year I
think folks were looking at something
like a 15 million vehicle SAR for 2025.
It's looking like it's probably going to
be a 162 163 million number. So um yes
sure things are slowing down a little
bit. There's been some pricing uh to
offset some tariffs lately uh with some
OEMs. But if you take a step back, there
is some real strength of the economy.
Unemployment is very low. We'll probably
have another rate cut right later this
year, probably more next year. And then
tariff resolution in 2026, especially
with the USMCA. So given that backdrop,
we're actually pretty constructive on US
autos.
>> So this goes to who's who's going to
win, right? Is it the US auto
manufacturers? Is it the electric
vehicle manufacturers? Or is it as we
have seen of late a real shift back to
hybrid and frankly trucks and away from
the Elon Musk's Teslas of the world?
>> Yeah, I mean let's just look at cars
specifically or autos specifically. I I
I would agree with that. It's um IC cars
in the US definitely. Uh perhaps there's
some room for e-rev or hybrid. Certainly
EVs is not the place to be right now in
the US. I do think there's room for that
maybe later in the decade, but right now
the strength is at the heart of the US
auto industry. Pickups, large SUVs, ICE,
uh think GM most notably, maybe Ford as
well, uh some Stalantis. So we think
that's really uh where you'll see most
of the benefit near term, not as much
with the EV space in the US. EV space
has certainly been under pressure. At
the same time though, Tom, you have an
outperform on Tesla. Why do you continue
to like this company?
>> Yeah, it's certainly not really because
of autos. Um, it has more to do with the
AI features, right? So, robo taxi, you
guys well know my thoughts on on robo
taxi and then now the humanoid uh
market. And yes, look, I it's very early
to tell where Tesla's going to be in
that. So I look at Tesla the same way uh
on humanoids as I do on robo taxi which
is I look at the top down I think it's a
huge market opportunity both humanoids
and robo taxi and I'm assuming actually
very small penetration levels for Tesla
on humanoids only 5% of that market it's
a big opportunity this humanoid market
um I don't think the investor base has
caught up with reality uh certainly
folks like me are new to the When you
talk to the experts in robotics as we
have recently, you realize why there's
such a big market opportunity and you
know that tends to move this stock,
right? It's a narrative stock. Um, as
long as we don't have negative uh data
points and this is like a 1015ear
horizon, what is the uh negative
catalyst here to kind of uh put some
shade on the stock? So right now we're
looking at that uh perspective and we
like the stock.
>> So what do you make of Michael Bur's
call then when he says Tesla is
ridiculously overvalued? Would you just
tell tell him that you're looking at the
future and what's going on with not just
robo taxi but potentially what happens
with humanoids?
>> Yeah. I mean like we don't know is the
answer, right? I mean we we don't know
who's going to win. Um what what what do
we know about humanoids? We know there's
going to be a lot of them. We know it's
probably going to be decades from now.
We know the form factor will probably be
humanoid. And we know Tesla's one of the
leaders. So, you know, from that basis,
I do think there's enough inertia that
should support the stock. Maybe in 10
years or 5 years, we look back and and
maybe I was wrong, you know, but but I I
just think it's it's too early to tell,
right? I mean, I think the data that
that that Michael Bur had during the
housing crisis was real data, right? I
don't think we have actual real life
data to show that humanoids won't happen
or Tesla won't be a big piece of that.
Um, or in the robo taxi side either,
right? So, I'm following what the data
that we have presenting before us today
is. And I like the odds that Tesla has
to capture it, but ultimately none of us
really know the answer. I'm just uh
chatbing or geminiing how long it's
going to take for humanoid robots to do
our chores and they say 5 to 15 years.
So it seems like unfortunately we'll
have to fold our laundry for quite a
while. Tom Nion, thank you so much for
taking the time of RBC. It does seem
like that is uh the next step and it
raises this issue of a lot of the
manufacturing side of things that is
going to be the source of jobs on the
heels of AI for a long time maybe 5
years before maybe there's some other
alternatives out there but he gives this
point that a lot of individuals who are
very bullish on Tesla give it's not
about EV sure that's how he made the
name and got into to the industry but
it's about the future of what Elon Musk
views the world is going to be and
humanoids are becoming a lot more
popular at least in the rhetoric and
what people want to talk about. And to
be honest, five, 10 years is not that
far. That's near-term. I think if you
look into the future, it's not 20, 30,
50 years. Do you think that is
subliminal signaling that we're talking
about humanoids on uh jobs week when
we're not getting non reports? So, there
you go. Maybe this is um some
>> BLS needs humanoids
>> message evidently. Coming up tomorrow,
we're going to be talking less about
that, more about what's going on right
now as people head into 2026. Lori Hidel
of State Street, former Kansas City Fed
President Thomas Hone, Matt Stucky of
Northwestern Mutual, and Nancy Lazar of
Piper Silo. This was Blueber
Surveillance. Good morning.